Earlier today, we learned of a bug in Ultimatum that allows players to generate excessive rewards. Shortly after its discovery, we deployed a hotfix that capped the amount of experience and items that Ultimatums could yield.

We have banned 20 accounts that abused this exploit multiple times. These bans will last until Ultimatum ends in July. We will also void the characters they made in Ultimatum so that they (and their items) will not be transferred to their parent leagues.

If you uncover an exploit in Path of Exile and abuse it for your benefit, we will ban you. [SEP]

Softcore build meta was dominated by scuffed builds far too long imo, people didn't care how good the build was as long as it was either fast clearing or shapers per second damage

You'd see top poe ninja builds with 3k hp, no leech, no recovery even no flasks, absolutely nothing in terms of defense outside of maybe a guard skill just massive aoe coupled with 30+ million damage

And if you want to do that it's still the best way to play most content

And for the most part that was what was needed, since you would just run in a straight line in all content oneshotting couple of screens away

I'm really happy GGG decided to add content that rewards well balanced builds, 0hp meta was getting stale and you would always feel silly building defense and recovery and stuff when you could have pumped everything into damage and AOE and be faster

I wish ultimatum was just a tiny bit more rippy and more rewarding so all the 0 hp guys would feel how i felt when i sighed and rolled my own trash build because it was the most profitable way to run most of the high tier content :D but that's my saltiness pouring out

I think this is a good balance

0 hp builds still have plenty of avenues to do stuff and are still probably the best currency per hour farmers, people will also pump in hundreds of exalts and oneshot everything in an ultimatum and I'm fine with that, balancing breaks with infinite currency and that's a core aspect of every RPG

But fun, challenging and also plenty rewarding content is now reserved for the good builds and that's how it should be

Just because general punishment for dying isn't severe does not mean we can't n have content where it is [SEP]
I just uncovered something that is bigger than I expected and things are fitting together better than I expected.

With that being said, I am still writing this after being up all night. I can't put it down. As much as I'm doing this for you, ya filthy skunk apes, I'm doing it for me, too.

I absolutely cannot rush this: I need to be certain.

Thanks for your patience. [SEP]

've always thought Lewis was one of the greatest drivers of the generation, but there was something about him that always rubbed me wrong way. My girlfriend was asking me about it a few years back, and the only explanation I could give was that "Everything he says feels so rehearsed. So fake. It's like he's saying what he thinks is the right thing to say, instead of saying what he really thinks or feels."



And then after watching Russel smack Bottas upside the head after Vallteri threw him the finger, it hit me : Lewis couldn't do that.



When I thought back to how Lewis' racing career, I realized that he absolutely *had* to be on his best behavior 100% of the time. I knew a bunch of people like that growing up in the states. Their parents would teach them to be super calm headed, never raise their voice or their firsts, never curse, and always dress well and hold you head up high. Their parents would say something like "There are shitty people in the world, and they'll use any ammunition they can find to throw at you. So you better not give them any. "



So in the end yeah, everything Lewis says is probably rehearsed and fake. But it's not because he's being manipulative or shitty. It's because he legitimately feels like he has to be on a constant vigilant guard against people who will use any misbehavior against him.



I mean honestly, can you imagine how shitty twitter would have been if Lewis was the one hitting Bottas upside the head in one of his first few seasons? We would see nothing but racial nonsense. And quite frankly, that's insane.



It must be hard being Lewis. I can't imagine how frustrating it must be to always have some layer on top that you're trying to protect in order to protect yourself from racism.



Good on him, and good on the rest of the grid for last year's efforts.



EDIT: Thanks for front page and all the rewards. #EndRacism [SEP]
I was just wondering if I just have a strange connection to sounds in general, I get pretty easily emotional from music. But certain songs, when played a bit loud I'll admit can make me feel as if emotions are just building and building up. to the point where I almost need to cry to let it out (which I do occasionally when its too much) but it isnt sad crying, more like a crying that is caused by this extreme overwhelming load of emotions that are sent to my brain in a short burst of time.

I often have the feeling like I cant breathe even, and then as these emotions are about to reach it's max I just gasp for air and start crying. It actually feels extremely euphoric, as if nothing on earth is there except me and my thoughts.

Sorry for the long post, was just wondering if other people experience this or know more about it. [SEP]
Is it really any coincidence women are always complaining that the clothes they choose to buy don't have pockets and making fun of men for having too many pockets? I've decided if cargo pants aren't cool I'm taking things to the next level and so now I wear a ghostbusters jumpsuit everywhere. [SEP]
This post has ended up longer than I expected when I started writing it. I know there’s a lot to read here, but I do think it’s all necessary to support my point, so I hope that you’ll read it all before commenting.

For a sub about books, r/books can be disappointingly anti-intellectual at times.

It is not my intention to condemn people for reading things other than literary fiction. Let me emphasise that it is perfectly fine to read YA, genre fiction, and so on. That’s is not what I’m taking issue with.

What I’m taking issue with is the forthright insistence, often amounting to outright hostility, that is regularly displayed on this sub to highbrow literature and, in particular, to the idea that there is ultimately more merit (as distinct from enjoyment) in literary fiction than there is in popular fiction.

There are two separate but related points that are important for understanding where I’m coming from here:

1)There is an important difference between one’s liking a book and one’s thinking that the book is “good”. Accordingly, it is possible to like a book which you do not think is “good”, or to dislike one which you think is “good”. For example, I like the Harry Potter books, even though, objectively speaking, I don’t think they’re all that great. On the other hand, I didn’t enjoy Jane Eyre, though I wouldn’t deny that it has more literary value than Potter.

2) It is possible to say with at least some degree of objectivity that one book is better than another. This does not mean that anyone is obliged to like one book more than another. For example, I think it’s perfectly reasonable to say that White Teeth by Zadie Smith is a better novel than Velocity by Dean Koontz, or even that Smith is a better author than Koontz. However, this does not mean that you’re wrong for enjoying Koontz’ books over Smith’s.

Interestingly, I think this sub intuitively agrees with what I’ve just said at times and emphatically disagrees with it at others. When Twilight, Fifty Shades of Gray, and Ready Player One are mentioned, for example, it seems generally to be taken as red that they’re not good books (and therefore, by implication, that other books are uncontroversially better). If anyone does defend them, it will usually be with the caveat that they are “simple fun” or similar; that is, even the books' defenders are acknowledging their relative lack of literary merit. However, whenever a book like The Way of Kings is compared unfavourably to something like, say, Crime and Punishment, its defenders often react with indignation, and words like “snobbery”, “elitism”, “gatekeeping” and “pretension” are thrown around.

Let me reiterate at this point that it is perfectly acceptable to enjoy Sanderson’s books more than Dostoevsky’s. You are really under no obligation to read a single word that Dostoevsky wrote if you’re dead set against it.

However, it’s this populist attitude - this reflexive insistence that anyone who elevates one novel above another is nothing more than a snob - that I’m calling anti-intellectual here.

This is very much tied up with the slogans “read what you like” and “let people enjoy things” and while these sentiments are not inherently disagreeable, they are often used in a way which encourages and defends anti-intellectualism.

This sub often sees posts from people who are looking to move beyond their comfort zone, whether that be a specific genre like fantasy, or people in their late teens/early twenties who want to try things aside from YA. When this happens, the most heavily upvoted responses are almost always comments emphasising that it’s okay to keep reading that they’ve been reading and urging them to ignore any “snobs” or “elitists” that might tell them otherwise. Other responses make recommendations of more of the same type of book that the OP had been reading, despite the fact that they explicitly asked for something different. Responses that actually make useful recommendations, while not necessarily downvoted, are typically a long way down the list of responses, which in larger threads often means they’re buried.

I am not insisting that we tear copies of Six of Crows out of people’s hands and force them to read Gravity’s Rainbow instead. I’m just saying that as a community that is supposed to love books, when somebody expresses an interest in more sophisticated, complex and literary work, we ought to encourage that interest, not fall over ourselves to tell them not to bother.

I have to confess that when I get frustrated by this, it reminds me of the crabs who, when another crab tries to climb out of the bucket, band together to pull it back in. I think this ultimately stems from insecurity - some users here seem quite insecure about their (popular, non-literary) taste in books and as a result take these attempts by others to explore more literary work as an attack on them and their taste. But it’s fine to read those books, as the regular threads about those sorts of them should be enough to tell you. I just wish people could stop rolling their eyes at the classics and insisting that The Hunger Games is just as good. [SEP]
Emotions are associated with feelings. Most of the time we allow ourselves to be led by what we feel; at times we feel tired, we feel sad, we feel angry, we feel rejected, we feel unwanted, we feel unworthy, we feel depressed, and many other negative feelings. Then, there are the positive feelings... [SEP]
[H] Bayonet ST Marble Fade FN
[W] 600€ OR any offers

The 600€ are a basis of negotiation.

The Steamprice is 670€ at the moment

I would list it privately on skinbaron for safety purposes.

Tradelink

Feel free to contact me on steam as I am not active on reddit. [SEP]
In the era of voice assistants, I was shocked to find out that the lightbulbs don't support Alexa.

Why would Nanoleaf make this choice, considering that all of their other products support Alexa, and they're cutting out a huge piece of the market by not offering this?

I know that they use thread radio, which is mainly used by Apple HomeKit and Google, but could they not use bluetooth as well? Why do inferior knock-off lightbulbs from Amazon offer Alexa compatibility but not the brand name?

I have seen posts hinting at future compatibility for Alexa, but why has this not been implemented yet? [SEP]
My laptop has been laggy since a few days. I am not able to figure out what has been causing it. Also, my 1TB HDD is almost full(200 GB left).

Suggest some good free softwares to solve this issue. Thanks in advance. [SEP]
Anyone else getting a security certificate error on the Domain Logistics tracking site? It was working when I ordered last, just under 2 weeks ago. I guess it doesn't really matter since there is no private information sent, but still, not cool. [SEP]
GREAT PROJECT THAT INCLUDES BOTH DAY TRADERS AS HOLDERS, WE ARE COMING WITH EVERYTHING WITH THE NEW POWER OF EUROPEAN FOOTBALL AND CRYPTACTIVES!

1- PARTNERSHIP WITH THE CHILIZ CURRENCY, BUT WHAT IS CHILIZ? Chiliz (CHZ) is a digital currency developed for sports tokenization and entertainment. Through it, the world's first scalable engagement and reward app for fans was developed. Chiliz was created by the Socios.com platform that feeds through the token. Being an ERC20 utility token available on the Ethereum blockchain, and the BEP-2 token on the Binance Chain.

Apron will support full-chain ecology to help DApp developers choose more blockchain networks Blockchain EUROPEAN SUPER LEAGUE technology uses blockchain solutions as a base. It uses its own consensus proof of the bet, where users who verify the authenticity of the blocks are selected at random. Everything goes fast and the data is immediately written to the block. This process guarantees a high level of security and avoids so-called double expenses. This system also contributes to general decentralization, as each active user is part of the network. These features guarantee high performance for the entire network.

Busy technology This unique model represents the technology developed by EUROPEAN SUPER LEAGUE, which will be applicable to other B2C / C2C platforms through smart contracts. The EUROPEAN SUPER LEAGUE developed includes a comprehensive Web 3.0 solution and a decentralized freelance platform. Utility stakeout is an innovative blockchain feature that will give the real use case of the stakeholder model with platform space occupancy and generated reward.

The smart vault that delivers the highest APY. • Powered by advanced predictive analytics and machine learning. • ESL returns a significantly higher yield than any competitor.

STAKE ESL Features -Deposit tokens in ESL -Rewards compounded automatically -15% of profit deducted towards fee [SEP]
Trump hasn't made it past the year as law suits are being position / queue for a court date. Trump is again shooting off his mouth without reality. So he believes his support base has grown ? Hmmm wrong, I argue he has already lost 5-10% of the conservative base. Then lets wait when the law suits against he and his family comes out, when the stupid of stupid sees the real Trump on full display. I suspect he lose another 5-10%. Then there is a stealth movement among a small faction of GOP who are are leaving and campaigning against the Trump platform. In other words, he doesn't have any momentum of any type except for the momentum he claims. [SEP]
I'm a 23 year old male, I play hours of Video games in my free time after work. about a week an a half ago I was playing call of duty on my PC , While playing I Noticed my right eye started getting a Little bit blurry, I shrugged it off as maybe I was just tired because I don't usually get good sleep. I put some eyedrops in an went to bed. When I wake up the next day, to my surprise its still blurry. so I started googling an looking around because I'm a Hypochondriac. an I see that sudden blurred vision could be a Brain Tumor! I instantly had a panic attack an scheduled an eye appointment for May 10th.

Its not Super blurry to the point I cant see, its just a very mild blur, Almost like when you shut one eye for a second an open it, its blurry until it focuses in, Except mine is constant now. it just feels annoying.

Also a side note, I get 4-6 hours of sleep on average per night also I'm looking at Computer/screens a lot of the day almost everyday. Should I be too worried leading up to my eye appointment? An what are your opinions on what it could be? [SEP]
Exactly, what will happen in the rapture, I read that "everyone who believes in Jesus will rise to the Heavens with him, dead or alive."

Are they saying that regardless of what you've done, committed, etc, as long as you believed in Jesus you are going to go to heaven? [SEP]
I am thinking about tapering off zoloft, I've been on 25mg for nearly a year and I feel like I'm in a much better place in my life than I was when I started and might finally be able to process my emotions and exist like a normal person without the help of medication.

Anything I should keep in mind? Has anyone had any bad side effects after tapering off? [SEP]
I met my girlfriend two years ago. Everything with her was pretty rushed. And she moved into my apartment within a month as she has no place to stay. She was a mature student in an off campus school and i was a 3rd year university student. I was 21 and she was 20. Everything was going smoothly btw us. She finished high school and im done with college too. She’s enrolled in a hairstyling school and im working in a customer service company. Since we got together i paid all the bills until a time she got a job for 3 months only. 4 months ago she met some friends who claimed to be feminist. And she has changed the way she talks to me and act towards me. She goes out with them for 3 days and doesn’t reply to my messages. She does this for the past 3 months. And i when i ask her what’s wrong? Why do you go out for 4 or 3 days and ignore me every week. She replies that im a grown woman and don’t need no man to keep tabs on me. So I just stopped asking because every time i ask it’s a problem. I can also see on some friends or people’s snapchat story of her dancing at parties with her friends and bunch of guys. I started suspecting that something is going on. So she left her laptop open and i seen she saved snapchat username of so many guys. Normally she always locks her laptop but she forgot. I haven’t confronted her yet. Because lately we’ve been having arguments. And i dont what to do if we break up because she doesn’t have a job. Back in 2020 when i was in university she borrowed me some money for textbooks. I just graduated college and i got an okay job. Im trying to pay her back before I confront her. I don’t know what to do to be honest. I have sat down and talked to her about ignoring my messages several times but she doesn’t seem to care. She also went to see her ex a while back. We had a huge fight but i forgave her. Please advise me [SEP]
When Don Orsillo got jettisoned for reasons beyond me, I was crushed. That had been my favorite voice in all of baseball. I thought I'd never enjoy Red Sox broadcasts the same way again.

Enter Eckersley as a more consistent presence in the booth. No baseball voice has ever put a smile on my face so frequently. The man just brings so much fun and energy and knowledge to every moment of every game. The big moments are more exciting when Eck is calling them.

"It's time to party...!"

I still miss Orsillo and always will, but I've come to appreciate how well O'Brien gels with Eck. When Eck gets on a roll, O'Brien urges him on, and often shuts up entirely to let Eck do his best work. All hail Eck, unheralded king of the broadcast booth. [SEP]
[Mods please delete if not consistent with the rules]. I am in the process of trying to overhaul my diet because frankly I eat like a child (lots of carbs, junk food etc) and it is not good for my health. That, and I am also now trying to improve my overall fitness and eating bad foods is counter intuitive given I am working out a fair bit and not getting enough nutrition to nourish my body.

The issue is, I am a really fussy eater and don’t like a lot of vegetables. Can anyone recommend some recipes which are good at hiding vegetables (i.e I make a Bolognese which has shredded carrot and zucchini)?? [SEP]
Was WW1 Germany, morally, on the same level as France and Britain, or were Germany and Kaiser Wilhelm bad, but are overshadowed by Nazi Germany? [SEP]
I would like to put my private keys/key (not sure if it's a key for each address or one key for all of them? someone please clarify) on a physical piece of paper just in case something happens to my digital backups, but am not really sure how to do it.

Anyone able to help me out? Much appreciated. [SEP]
(So a few girls in this one so need fake names Amy, Eva, hope, Melody & Brooke.) me and Eve had friends that know friends and the two friendship groups just kinda combined anyways we get to know eachother (a year & halfish) in this time she was being what I assumed was flirty (linking arms, light punches, walking her home from school I remember her saying if was gonna date anyone it'd probably be me) everyone knew I liked her even people I'd never really talked to knew some thought we were even dating that's how close we were anyways she introduced me to Hope and Melody who I eventually bulid friendships with. One day me and Eve start talking about our relationship she heard that I'd show interest in her and decided to ignore it I ask her if she had any interest in me she was reluctant to reply I think she knew saying no would hurt me and she was right it did I played it off like "oh yeah good cus yeah me neither" or some form of stuttering like that we headed back to lessons which she I hope and melody happened to be in and obviously we all sat together the silence between me and her was awkward she asked after in private what was wrong I told it was nothing though I was clearly hurt. Lockdown arrived I skipped my lessons filled with guilt and worry me and melody texted a lot during this time on staying up super late just talking about random shit also me and Amy started texting a lot more too we bonded over our passion for art I talked about what happened between me and eve she gave great advice and this is when I realised about my anxiety after having my first anxiety attack worrying over eves wellbeing feeling like shit for the whole of lockdown going back to school eves pretending like nothings happed and goes back to acting as before me and melody start talking irl now I trust her a lot now seems like eves moved on so I try rebound. Amy I try move on keep trying to find a girl that made me feel like how I was with eve I was so delusional that I didn't even realise that we weren't as compatible she obviously told this and rebound just becomes a coping mechanism not a good one rebounding to hope I didn't even know her I asked melody why I felt this way she told me I should get some help. Brooke and I start texting I stop the ping pong of rebounding now i feel like shit crying over nothing and everything at the same time we talk she finally talk about how she thought we had a thing I was vulnerable she knew this we would talk about love and valentines would eventually come up planing on asking her out because no other women cared about me and I believed everyone hated me. Amy showed me Brooke put all our convos on her private story taking the piss out of me then when I confronted her about it she just shrugged it up she didn't care she just baited me melody and hope never talked to me again. I went into a dark depression over the holidays and by the end of it all just wanted to finally kill myself though I know I wouldnt because I was a "pussy" I am grateful to be here. Now days me and eve are like before. I think if I should tell her all of this because she is oblivious to it all I never told anyone about it seeing their faces just crumble me inside hope and melody act as if I don't exist whilst Brooke just looks into my eyes as I look into hers she knows her wrong doings stay in my head everyday and as she looks at me she is reminded of the past whilst me and Amy are just friends and are slowly drifting apart. What should I do next? [SEP]
Hi All,

Thanks for taking the time to read this. I’m new to posting on Reddit and a bit of a lurker. A preemptive apology if my writing/formatting isn’t as good as it should be. I’ve been following this GME saga and investing in it from last December on. I’ve never sold since buying in December and I will sell after the peak. I read all the DD I can, daily, as I have no background in anything about the stock market. I don’t read it for confirmation bias but to understand the why of things. I’d like to thank those who post that info like, Rensole, Warden and the countless others that have gave me the info I need to make up my own decisions. You are appreciated. What you do is worthwhile.

A bit of background:

I started looking into investing last December because after an exhaustive search to find a better place to rent for my family I had reached a sort of breaking point. My whole life I’ve been poor and broke. I’ve lived paycheck to paycheck. I remind myself, often, of being in the dead of winter, with my ‘92 Ford Escort and having the heater fail. Do I pay for gas till my next payday or Ace Ventura my way down the highway because the moisture from my breath is icing up the inside of the windshield?

That was to get to a job I hated. To be fair I’ve hated almost every job I’ve held till now. I tried to find some joy in what I was doing to make it bearable all while viewing each job as just a stepping stone. Nowadays I’m treading water, financially. I’m not 1 paycheck away from chaos but I’ve hit a ceiling. Then it dawned on me, I’ve been punching up my whole life. I can’t improve my situation unless I took significant steps but it would take years just to get enough to even attempt a down payment for a house. Now to be fair I have everything I need, my wife and kids, my health, a small apartment and a Ps5 I just bought from GameStop. You know, the essentials.

The heart of the matter:

My original theory was to invest cautiously while reading up as much as I could because for all I do to help people in my profession I could do more for my kids future. While I eventually stumbled into WSB and later GME and Super stonk it became increasingly clear that GameStop was and is turning around. So I’ve put everything I can into buying GME without risking being unable to pay the bills and I will continue to do so. Why take the risk? Because it’s not about me. It’s about my kids and their kids and the opportunities they’ll have. It’s what I’ll leave behind. It’s about you the reader to know your not alone in this. It’s about my mom finally getting a peaceful place to call home. I’ve had FUD sometimes throughout this, but I’ve weathered much rougher seas and so can you.

Legacy:

So I’ll finish with these thoughts. We can’t take anything with us when it’s our time to go. So what’s really important for you, after this is over? Why do you hold?

Thanks for hearing me out.

Apes together strong. [SEP]
I swear the amount of p̶e̶o̶p̶l̶e̶ paperhands who changed their stance today is insane... So much hate on doge today. This is not the way. Invest and then go watch some good Japanese cartoons and smoke a fat one if you know that you cant handle seeing a graph go down and then look in a month to see profits. Also stop being so negative. If you want to get out be my guest but stop spreading even more panic by telling people to sell. I swear yall look like the people with the "the world the going to end sign". If you have nothing better to do than scare away newcomers cause you're salty that you didn't get in the dip get a life [SEP]
Does it? I've heard quite a few people Catholic and non-Catholic say this, especially when more well off Catholics divorce. In my own life too a former high school teacher of mine who I respected greatly and was still a devout Catholic in spite of his wife leaving him felt this way. His wife basically left him because she was cheating and using drugs without his knowledge while they were engaged and sadly it took forever for his annulment to be granted. While he took it in stride, his theory was that since he was just some lowly catholic school teacher, it was a bit harder for the process to get going, while more wealthier and connected Catholics would get them done quite quick. He didn't quite accuse the tribunal of simony, but he got quite close to saying it. So does being wealthy make the annulment process go easier? I know that a lot of wealthy but not necessarily orthodox catholics do seem to control the purse strings and it ends up making some bishops get weaker, at least from what I've seen and heard. [SEP]
Hi, Guys, I am looking for a binary classification covid-19 dataset, the prediction label is positive or negative, this label could be as, whether some one is infected or not. So far I found dataset from kaggle. But most of them is consists a medical image such as XRay scan of chest. I am not looking for image data as the feature. I found one from kaggle the feature is age, gender, hypertension and etc which the label is positive / negative. Please help. Thank you in advance.. Cheers [SEP]
ok so my friends were all playing this game Friday Night Funkin, and apparently there's a kickstarter, but i dunno if i should support 15 or 20 bucks for a game, since i only have 22 dollars (converted)



Sure, Newgrounds is involved, and they've been making games over 15 years from now right?



I'm really into rhythm games, i just don't know IF i should support them by 15 or 20 bucks for a digital copy of the game, my name on the credits and a digital art book, it's kinda like r/ShouldIbuythisgame lol

I just hope this isn't a hoax [SEP]
Whats your thoughts on the show its my first tokusatsu so i have some bias [SEP]
I am currently prepping the Black Cabin for my group this weekend, and I noticed that ghosts are bound to the cabin, unable to move more than 30 feet away. What does this mean if someone falls through the weak floor into the gorge 140 feet down? I know that Macreadus will res anyone who died within the past 24 hours full stop, but do I just narrate that they wake up and the last thing they felt was the rocks, but now they are watching the living in the main room? [SEP]
Long story short, my boyfriend of 8 years texted me last night stating that he has ''gone through my email,'' and he asked me ''What's that stuff in your email? You cheated on me and didn't tell me."

I only have 2 emails; one personal email and one for my medical school. I have no social media, I really don't know what he is talking about. He doesn't even have access to my email, and checking my log-in location, only I have been on it. There is a bunch of spam in my email, but nothing that screams "cheating," or me being unfaithful in any kind of way. He's used my phone, I let him hold on. He has full access to it; pass-code and everything. I'm very confused, and he has not responded to my calls or text messages. I am 6 hours away from him due to medical school. I am under so much stress alone. My grades are a mess due to my already, agonizing mental problems; depression, ADHD, mood disorder; name it, I most likely have it. I'm in 70k debt already that's accumulating every day. My life is a mess in every direction, and this was the last thing I needed. My family dynamics are horrible, my mental health is down the drain, my overall physical health has not been good. I am at the end of my rope, and this may just totally cut me loose. I don't know what to do. I can't get into reach with him. He's a good guy, he's great, far too good for me, and I most likely was going to lose him either way; one of those things where it's far too good to be true. I don't think I can emotionally handle this with all that I'm going through. [SEP]
Hey there, actual serious question here, why can’t I helicopter my dick in both directions? If I try to helicopter my dick clockwise I have absolutely no issues at all, but the second I try to helicopter counterclockwise my legs just decide to not work. Is something wrong with me? Has anyone had similar issues or tricks on how to go about fixing this? Thanks [SEP]
That was the truth... and like that the war was over.

Or

That was the truth... And like that the war was over [SEP]
If you were with someone who was/is a photographer and has a beautiful photo of a sunset and a silhouette of the ex, which you only know it is because you put discussions and pieces together, the person your seeing has just said it's noone in the photo when you asked who was in the photo. Would you feel uncomfortable if they displayed it in your home once they moved in? (I suffer anxiety so I think im over analysing this behaviour but sometimes it makes me uncomfortable) [SEP]
anyone remember what time last wednesday the episodes were released? TIA! [SEP]
Hey, trying to decide on Alabama or utah.

Really don’t know which is for me. I applied early housing last second and I’ll be out a ton at Alabama being involved in student life but it’s nice to have a private room to come back to at the end of the day, is it possible I would get an apartment, I was told there was no possible way I would get one, as I have the last housing slot for early action.

Thank you so much [SEP]
Hey guys! First time buyer, just bought a couple of T shirts when I heard about this brand from r/FMF. I have been extremely impressed with the shirts, they're very comfortable, drape well, and they're just overall really swell. I bought an Alois, a Henry, and a Sandro. All have been really great, but I think the Alois is my favorite because it's so soft.

One thing that really appealed to me was the softness, I was a little foolish and dried the shirts on high heat and have noticed they're a little less soft than it was out of the package. This is obviously my mistake, since I checked and the shirt said "tumble dry low"... oops! How do you guys care for the shirts so they keep in good condition? I like these ones too much to want to not give them some TLC.
Found this server website the other day. Logged into the game and found the stone, and wow this guy is loaded with vintage runuo stuff! His website was section-31.net and runuoscripts.com Any idea who this is? [SEP]
ok so i riased some monarch catipillars and the first one left its chrisalis (only 2 actually lived to get in one, we kept them outside) and its been a few hrs, she has practiced flying a bit. how do i know when its a good time to release it? [SEP]
Apologies in advance if I sound like an arrogant douchebag when writing this; just feeling the need to vent for a bit.

Is there anybody else out there who gets good grades in their classes but still feels like a total moron? I'm a junior chemistry major with a 4.0 GPA so far (emphasis on the so far; P. Chem is killing me right now), and the people I know say I'm "so smart" because of my solid work in the classroom, but at risk of sounding dramatic, I constantly feel asinine. I spend hours on assignments that are supposed to take 30 minutes, leading to time management issues. I do well on tests because I work hard to study for them, but I retain almost none of the information a week or two after. Ask me practical applications of the stuff I'm learning, and I'll be useless. Despite trying to work methodically and reading up on procedures beforehand, I make incessant mistakes in lab that truly tests the patience of my peers and professors.

Anyways, just feel like a fraud. Can anybody else relate? [SEP]
I remember seeing a Japanese edition of the Battle at Gardens Gate with live versions of Heat Above and Stardust Chords.. anyone have it? [SEP]
I had a set but my dad has them now. They were my favorite. Been using them since probably 2012 on construction sites everyday and those tools are still beasts! I'm talking the DCK555X set. I've been looking for a new set but very indecisive. Nothing feels as solid as those older tools. Milwaukee, makita, even the newer dewalts feel too light, and like it's mostly plastic now. It just seems the newer tools wont have as much spinning speed and torque as the older XRP 18v models. Any suggestions? I've been trying to look up a set of the old 18v dewalts online but they were discontinued a while ago. My other option is Ebay for a used set. [SEP]
How does one network in times like this? Like what do you say to someone who you want to establish a relationship with when right now seemingly it can only be done through email or the phone (I’m WFH right now)? What do you say if you’ve never spoken to them before? [SEP]
I currently have an i5 8600k which has been fine up until as of recent, has never skipped a beat at 4.4ghz with an AIO. It now stutters and lags behind quite a bit during gameplay. It is paired with a Z370 F gaming motherboard by ASUS and g.skill 2133mhz ddr4 ram (overclocked to 3000mhz)

What I've found is when it stutters, task manger reports it at 100% usage until the stutter is finished and then goes back to normal. This can happen multiple times a night.

The games I'm playing currently are Modern Warfare Warzone and PUBG.

Can anyone provide some helpful tips to combat this or is it time to upgrade?

Thanks in advance [SEP]
This is honestly just a check up on whoever needs it :). Trust me we are all human, and Ik how life can be. If you got something to vent about I don’t gotta be at work for another 11ish hours. Anything’s on the table just come talk about it, there’s no sense in leaving bundled up.

Maybe you got a hilarious story, but no one to tell it too...well HAD no one to tell it too. Anyway anything’s on the table you Goobers. If you do or don’t stop by please don’t forget to smile. It’s always a better day when you do :). [SEP]
I have been using amazing clear to make my dice because it's cheap, and allows me to learn from my mistakes without worrying I'm wasting expensive resin. Well I've made 3 full sets now with success swinging upward, and am now comfortable with the process to start making my official first pair of dice! Even made my own vacuum chamber with a pickle jar which is giving me great results!! I think its time to try and use a better resin but I idk what to buy. Any dice makers here have any suggestions?? Been looking at Rockstar resins (3:1 ratio) because of a youtuber lol. [SEP]
I know this is about stocks, this board but whose pumped about mortal kombat. this weekend coming up and which apes is gonna dump more money into the company by going to see mortal kombat...help keep the money flow coming in im an xxx share holder and love going to my local amc with my wife and pay 26 for two tickets and them another 30 in food and snacks all for a good cause.... [SEP]
I cannot for the life of me remember the name of or book this story was in. It's the guy who's a traveling salesman and he takes notes of bathroom graffiti he finds alongside his travels. Anyone know what story I'm talking about? [SEP]
My parents put stupid restrictions on my phone and I wanna know how to turn it off. All of the youtube tutoirals I found were of no help. I did find one tho that was a 3rd party software on pc that would remove it but, that cost money, any help? [SEP]
FULL Podcast on Troubled includes Public Hearing, Senator Gelser invitation & testimonial instructions available wherever you cast your pods, or on our Anchor HERE.

UHS (owner of Provo Canyon) is currently under a 5 year Federal Observation Probation due to a recent $117 million settlement with the Department of Justice so that, even though they were guilty over everything below, they can continue to extort our tax dollars.

"The government alleged that between January 2006 and December 2018, UHS facilities admitted as patients federal healthcare beneficiaries who were not eligible for inpatient or residential treatment because their conditions did not require that level of care, while also failing to properly discharge appropriately admitted beneficiaries when they no longer required inpatient care. The government further alleged that UHS facilities billed for services not rendered, billed for improper and excessive lengths of stay, failed to provide adequate staffing, training, and/or supervision of staff, and improperly used physical and chemical restraints and seclusion. In addition, UHS facilities allegedly failed to develop and/or update individual assessments and treatment plans for patients, failed to provide adequate discharge planning, and failed to provide required individual and group therapy services in accordance with federal and state regulations." Full Department of Justice Public Statement

Even though we all know exactly who UHS is, they are not only surviving, but thriving.

Currently, UHS has finalized an application to expand in Oregon. Survivors & Supporters Assemble.

The public is invited to submit "comment" to Oregon as they decide whether or not to approve a 50 million dollar UHS expansion (NEWCO). PLEASE organize, activate and amplify to recruit mental health and human rights organizations to submit public opposition to this notoriously abusive and fraudulent company from further causing harm to Oregonians. There's a reason the OHA rejected their previous application, and sure promises of a blood money dump into the local economy is not enough to pay for the silence of those they've harmed. As an individual, if you have personal experience with UHS, please also submit comment. We highly recommend posting a public testimonial on YouTube so that public awareness can reach a critical mass. However you choose to advocate, please remember that in order for your public statement to be officially counted and effective in Oregon, it MUST be submitted via the contact information below.

To the care of Pamela Krecklow PAM.L.KRECKLOW@dhsoha.state.or.us

OHA

800 NE Oregon Street, Suite 465

Portland, OR  97232



We highly recommend checking out CCHR (Citizens Commission on Human Rights) International's public comment HERE for an excellent summary of advocates concerns AND the perfect example of what Oregon needs from organizations opposing.

Our favorite part about the hearing (included in this podcast) is that the "local allies" UHS cites are not only present in the public hearing, but in OPPOSITION. It says a lot when all your supporters (with one exception) are your employees or your paid Goon/Transporter/Kidnapper.

Please rate/write review for Troubled wherever you cast your pods (in particular on itunes) so that other allies can find us.

UHS is a GIANT in the troubled teen industry, it is imperative that they not be allowed to expand their empire.

May the force be with us #nomoresurvivors [SEP]
I (21F) have been talking to a guy (25M) for the past 5 months now but we still have not met in person yet due to lockdown in our country. It's kind of crazy because I have never gotten along with someone this well before, and we haven't even met yet! The way to describe it is that we get along like friends, but of course more than friends as well.

The problem I'm having, or think I'm having, is that our conversations aren't too flirty, or even flirty at all. And when it does get "flirty", it's always met by laughing emojis etc to soften the "flirtation". I'm a very sentimental person so when I compliment him or be flirtatious he just seems to laugh it off?

I guess I've always been into guys who are quite emotional and compliment me a lot and say all the cutesy things to make my heart flutter etc. But I don't get that from this guy. And I understand it may be hard to do so when we have not met in person yet, but we've had video chats almost every weekend now, and text each other every day. So I guess what I'm worried about is whether he is just playing it cool because we haven't met yet, or if he's always this nonchalant. If he is always like this then I am afraid I can't be with someone like that, who does not make me feel special or accept flirtatious remarks seriously without laughing it off or playing it cool. But if he is only like this because we've only met online then I think I can hold on til lockdown restrictions are lifted and we can finally meet. Any advice would be appreciated. [SEP]
I’ve been single for YEARS after a failed relationship. I’ve tried my best dating around but I always get tossed to the side for someone else or they just want to do their own thing. I’ve met many potential gfs but nothing worked out. Even recently, I keep asking this one girl out and she agrees but rarely texts me back or she will try to cancel/reschedule our plans. She explained that she just feels drained after doing school and work and sometimes want to just be alone and I get where she is coming from. But if you truly want to see someone or at least care, you would still go see them. It’s getting to the point its bringing me down and idk how much more I can take of this. Its depressing and makes me feel something is wrong with me. What can I do? [SEP]
Hey everybody,

I've just started doing high jump again this year, and I am running into the problem where I can clear the bar easily, but right as I get over the bar, I drop my hips right onto the bar and always hit my butt into the bar. My coach says that if I could keep my hips up, my jumps could easily clear 6 feet, but in the last meet, I could only clear 5'2" because I simply could not keep my hips up all the way over the bar. I am a senior and have been trying to solve this problem for four years now, but I have yet to figure out a way to keep my hips up. I struggle to even do basic drills. I am linking a video that demonstrates one of the drills we do. It is at around the 3:00 mark and I think it is called backovers. We do it almost exactly how it is shown in the video, with the same stool and same bar height.


I have never been able to actually complete this drill correctly, as every time I attempt it, I smack right into the bungee cord that we use during practice for drills like this. I practice it a lot, but I have never actually been able to do it correctly. I try to keep my head looking back and shoulders back, but it doesn't help, as I always end up snapping closed right on top of the cord. If anyone wants some stats for me, I am 6'4", 185 lbs, fairly athletic, and can dunk a basketball fairly easily. If anyone has any sort of advice for me, it would be much appreciated. I really enjoy doing high jump and I know I can be really good, but this one flaw is severely holding me back and I can't figure out what to do about it. Thanks so much guys [SEP]
Ok off the board question, I got one 9200 off a project and contractor said its too costly to ship the extra back. Now I'm new to the new call home smart licensing stuff. I just downloaded the newer bin and running it.

I'm hesitant to connect it to my network as I feel cisco might get my information and with all this licensing stuff I may get in trouble.

Is there a way to disable it?

Can I use it even though there may be a license from the company already on it and what are the reprecautions. [SEP]
Hi folks, I've recently been reading up on wheat varieties and composition and was hoping that folks here could help me out with some questions I have.

I'll try and keep it brief. I live in Australia, and I'm having an incredibly difficult time finding whole durum wheat to purchase as a consumer. This seems insane to me, but that's beside the point (if anyone has leads here, I'd greatly appreciate them). It seems that what is available to purchase are things like triticale and khorasan, which perhaps have similar qualities to durum from a culinary perspective.

From a culinary perspective, I'm interested in gluten content and protein content. People prize durum for being a hard wheat (in the high protein sense), with relatively low gluten. Triticale and khorasan seem to have similar properties. However when I went to look at these properties in the literature, what I found was that the protein and gluten content varied wildly in all of these species on a variety-to-variety level (paper is this one: https://doi.org/10.1111/ijfs.13151).

For people that can't view the full text, there is a table of different wheats with their protein percentage, gluten percentage by weight, and the ratio of these two. In summary: everything is all over the place. The durums have both quite low protein:gluten ratios, as well as very high ones. The hard spring wheat has the lowest protein:gluten ratio. The 'softest' durum has almost the lowest absolute protein percentage and gluten percentage, while the 'hardest' durum has the highest absolute protein percentage and gluten percentage. Khorasan and emmer are somewhere in the middle. Winter spelt has consistently fairly low gluten and protein, and spring spelt has consistently high gluten and protein.

I can only assume that the same is true of different growing regions and seasons.

So my questions:

Am I right in saying that variation in gluten content and protein among different cultivars of the same species can be larger than the variation between different species?

Am I right in saying that the variation in gluten content and protein among different growing regions can be larger than the variation between species?

Is all of this 'use durum for pasta and hard winter wheat for bread' merely a rule of thumb? In reality, the particular crop of wheat and cultivar you get may be terrible for the application it's usually used for, because that year/region/cultivar was hugely different.

More of an industry question, but: do suppliers go and do the testing of all of these values (either with an external lab, or themselves) like protein and gluent content? Will they tell me if I ask nicely?

Thanks for your help! [SEP]
As the title states, my boyfriend completely hid from me (23f) that fact that he was asking this girl “friend” out for lunch, walks, study sessions at least a dozen times over the course of our relationship. Unfortunately I had to find out through looking at his phone (I was suspicious at that point). He never mentioned this girl to me. We’ve been dating for almost 2 years now and this happened earlier on however I can’t shake the feeling that he may have cheated on me. Every time it’s been brought up he gets extremely defensive and almost starts to yell. He never yells. I’m honestly confused on what to do at this point. [SEP]
Hello Reddit!

I was about to go ahead and update my quest 2 to V28 today as it didn't show me the option yesterday, it still said no update available. I am from the US and most people from the US have the update already so I am confused? I checked the PC app, it said Updated to V28 4 days ago... Weird but I factory reset my headset and nothing happened. I am asking for any suggestions or solutions I should try.

Thank you! [SEP]
Hello. This has been a horrible time for me. I got laid off/ fired from my job about 2 months ago. Due to a technicality I was ineligible for unemployment. I was going to rely on my Stimulus check but surprise my bank took it for a car I had repossessed because it went into an old checking account. I may luckily have a job in a week lined up but I am broke with no money to start the job and nowhere else to turn. I’ve pawned everything I have and have no family to turn to because they’re just as broke as me. I have no food, no money, nothing. I hate to get on here and ask for help but this is my last resort. I applied for food stamps but they haven’t sent the card and it could take a month they said because they’re backed up. I know this looks shady as heck and I don’t blame you for thinking it is. But I promise you from the bottom of my heart it’s legit. I just created this account because I’ve been a longtime reddit lurker and reader but never posted. I have cashapp if anyone could help me with any little bit. I mean any little bit will help me. I’m down to my wits end. I believe in God and I know he will eventually help me but I also need prayer in the worst way. Sorry if this incovenicences anyone but thank you for reading this anyways. God Bless [SEP]
I know they said they’ll have it in the summer, but do we think they will have a preorder soon? Also will this be a wide release or something limited? I remember a post a little while ago where an Instagram account showed the designs for OKO and a rerelease of Neotheater. Are we expecting a neotheater restock soon? [SEP]
So I've been looking around for some people to push with and I just can't find anyone interested, I was hoping someone here might want to. I'm just looking for 2 people, who have a maxed brawler around 500~ trophies, looking to go as far as we can pushing that one brawler. As long as it's maxed idrc who it is as long as you are good at the brawler. 20k + overall trophies is referred but I won't turn someone good away if they have low trophies. Thank you! [SEP]
I am currently a long-term substitute teacher who is applying for a position at the district I’ve been in all year. I’ve made amazing connections with the staff here, and I’m feeling pretty confident I’ll get the position if the interview process goes well.

I need to write a cover letter, but I’m having difficulty finding an example that applies to my specific situation (a sub applying to the school I already work at). I just need a framework to put my thoughts in if that makes sense.

Does anyone have help to offer? Thank you! [SEP]
Since he cheated on me with an ex (and subsequently left me for her), we have been back together 7 months. We still aren’t living in the same house again but he knows I have most of his passwords.

At the start he was very, very serious about making it up to me and proving that I could trust him. As far as I’m aware he isn’t physically cheating on me again. But he isn’t respecting a boundary I put in place and is lying to me about it.

I have previously asked him if he gets off to girls on Instagram and he said no. I told him it would make me feel disrespected and upset and that it’s a major boundary for me and that I would be disgusted with him. He again, told me no.

Some sort of feeling inside myself told me to check his Instagram (that he knows I have the password to) and have saw him manually searching by name girls on the search bar, his recommended page is full of half naked women and I’ve saw through his search history that he’s been clicking on their dirty website links. The last one is a real kicking to me because he told me he would leave me and wouldn’t be able to handle it if I wanted to make an onlyfans.

I’m going to bring it up to him but am prepared to have it turned on me and to he told I broke his trust. Has anyone been in a similar situation / do you have any advice? [SEP]
I picked up this Japanese Dwarf Juniper from a nursery last week. I'm a beginner bonsai, and wanting to style this tree as a first attempt. Anybody have advice / recommended tools? What I'm thinking is doing a semi-cascade style with this tree and bringing some of the higher branches up a bit. What are the community's thoughts?
[SEP]
Hello Fremont Folks,



A young white man with blonde hair just knocked on my door and told me he is a student participating in a National Leadership Contest, all he has to do is sell books to win the most points for a trip to Italy. These books would go to children's hospitals. He handed me a certificate that said "National Leadership Contest" at the top and it has his name and details handwritten in the space below. He was incredibly kind and courteous, told me about how he will be a student at SF State. I was about to donate, but I had a weird feeling about it all. There was no specific name on either certificate of participation or brochure, and then I asked him about that. He said that Mothers Against Drunk Driving is funding it. So I grabbed my phone to google this competition, couldn't find anything. Then I searched MADD's web page, there was nothing. When I told him I could not find it, he said it's because this service is a face-to-face service and that's why it has not been published. Then I googled Selling books door to door, and I saw a bunch of warnings against buying magazines (No mention of books) from salesmen who knock on your door. I told him that I was sorry, but since I could not find information from a specific organization, I won't be buying a book at the moment. Before I could ask him for his email, I wanted to do more research, he just thanked me for my time and left. I was a bit taken back, I thought he would insist on it being legit, and would show me a website maybe off of his phone or email me a link to look at.



Did anyone have a similar experience? Is this a legit fundraising effort? I feel kind of bad that I did not buy a book now.



Thank you. [SEP]
Banshee is about a recently released ex con who assumes the identity of a recently murdered, newly appointed sheriff.

There are factions, feuds, scores, grudges, debts, sex, violence. It was originally on Cinemax, so loads of the latter. I'm about halfway and it is full of ideas for a BitD campaign [SEP]
Hey, I am a sophomore thinking about junior classes. I'm taking pre calc honors, ap physics, ap lang, apush, French 4, and 2 easy electives. I'm thinking of taking ap psych as an independent study course during my free period 2 times a week. Should I do this, or is it too much? Btw I kinda want to get into upenn as a dream school. [SEP]
Its been a year since I've had pothos and I've just learned that what I'm doing is wrong. I just planted a few of my water-rooted pothos in soil and idk what to do. Their roots were really long in water but they weren't producing any more leaves so I decided to transfer them to soil in the hopes that they grow bigger. What should I do? [SEP]
Hello, I’m planning to move from Midtown West to West Village in coming months. Looking for someone to rent a 2BR with. If you’re also considering moving to west village and would be interested, please DM.

Quick profile - 30, Male, Single, living in NY for 5 years. Balance of outdoorsy / indoorsy and introvert / extrovert.

Side note: any experience / suggestions from people living in West Village re meeting new people in the neighborhood would be great. [SEP]
A little help to confirm my accountant is handling this appropriately.

I consulted for a company in 2020 and they filed a T4A under my personal name as income instead of under my corporation (under which the contract and invoices name as the payee and the bank deposits are all into my corp and non-personal account).



Now my personal income taxes are $15,000 higher than they ought to be. I've email the company requesting a correction but haven't heard back and doubt I will.



My accountant is suggesting I pay the installments on this excess and incorrect personal income tax and correct it later, but I find it hard to believe he cannot directly contact the CRA on my behalf with all of my supporting documents and have this corrected.



Can someone advise as best to handle this so that I'm not unnecessarily paying 5-figures in extra tax? [SEP]
So my girlfriend and I have been dating for almost 6 months and she just graduated school. I’m 3 years behind her so it looks like we’ll be doing LD for 3 years. I’ve done it once before and it didn’t work out so I’m scared the same thing will happen this time and I really love this girl. She’s a 5 hr drive away when I’m at school and 3 hrs when I’m home so I can see her every once in a while but I’m worried it wont be enough. Has anyone done LD for this amount of time and had it work out (i need proof that it can be done to calm my nerves lol). Also, any tips to make LD easier/more bearable? [SEP]
I am in good shape already but I want abs and strong arms but I’m so small 4 foot 10 we have an olyptical and weights but I’m struggling to find a good routine I’m willing to wake up early and go to bed late I just want to get strong may I have some advice in terms of dieting and time management too? P.s sorry if I’m asking for a lot [SEP]
I’m looking to learn jazz guitar every other week (2-3) times a month instead of the usual structure of one lesson every week. I’ve been playing guitar for a few years now, but highly interested in learning Jazz Guitar. I’ve learned that it is quite difficult to learn on my own. Looking to see if anyone on this subreddit offers lessons in Greenville with availability of every other week on any weekday after 6:00pm or later. [SEP]
What is Windflow Smp?

Windflow smp is your place to have fun and relax! We are a chill Minecraft server that is just starting off, so the earlier you join, the less you'll miss out! We are looking to build a tight community of like-minded Minecraft players that share the same interest for Minecraft & chill. We don't judge, criticize, or discriminate anyone for any reason. As for the whitelist, it's there only to prevent people who aren't in the discord from joining. As long as you join the discord and put your ign in whitelist you can be added

Key Features / Plugins

-One player Sleep

-/home and /spawn

-Dynmap

Rules

-Swearing is allowed, but slurs are not and will result in a warning. After two slurs are said, temp ban, and three times will result in a permanent ban.

-Absolutely no griefing, stealing, or cheating / hacking will be allowed. Report these people immediately, and staff wouldn't mind recovering any lost items.

-Stay respectful in chat. No threats, harassment, or bullying will be tolerated.

Discord

You can join our discord here. You must join this to play on the server. We have very friendly staff, so don't be afraid to shoot one of the admins or mods a DM about anything server related. You can DM me, owner, for fastest response. Keep in mind this is nothing formal, we're all friends here.

Becoming a Part of Staff

We are not going to give anyone administrator, but you can request to be a mod or just have a higher level than others. We don't have any formal applications for it, just DM one of the admins your request and we will consider it. You must include the rank you want, why you want it, and why you think you'll fit for it. To gain any high ranks such as mod or custom discord roles with high permissions, you must leave good impressions and gain our trust first. We don't mind giving out custom ranks without higher permissions, though.

See you there! [SEP]
A few hours ago I was suddenly randomly logged out of my account, but whenever I try to relogin a pop up appears that says “Login authentication failed. Please check your network and device to make sure you’re using the correct account.” I’ve tried using different login methods, restarting the app, and reinstalling but nothing works. Has anyone had this problem before and is there a fix? I play on ios btw [SEP]
Hi, all! I'm moving (back) to NY this summer from Pittsburgh, and am looking at the Rochester/Canandaigua area. I would love to live in the city, but because it has some of the worst rated schools in the state (maybe even the country?) I don't think that'll happen. Are there any city-like suburbs that are walkable and have their own little downtowns and an ethnically varied blue-leaning population? I was looking at Brighton, Henrietta, or East Rochester. Halp. [SEP]
It's been a week since we've broken up, that entirety of this one week I was laid up in bed crying my eyes and heart out, I didn't eat, brush my teeth, shower, or change any of my clothes. I recognized what I was going through and I know that it's depression. My mother tried to coerce me out of bed but I told her this is what I needed to do, it sucked so hard and it still sucks so bad. But today I took a shower, today I ate, today I brushed my teeth, and today I changed my clothes. I cried while doing all of those things because I did it so half-assed and without energy. I could barely look at myself in the mirror because I knew I was hurt and seeing myself so vulnerable was enough to send me back to my bed, but I didn't. I took my dog for a walk and looked at the trees and actually got hit in the face by a honeybee! It was definitely a highlight today, unfortunately I am writing this from my bed again but I'm proud of myself for getting out of my dark room at least once. I am still in so much pain, I'm sure I'm becoming numb and I think that's why I was able to do what I did this morning. I still have a very long way to go for recovery but I think today just had a very good start in the midst of absolute hell and that's enough for right now. [SEP]
I kinda just wanted to make this post to rant a little bit but does anyone else have absolutely no motivation AFTER taking the MCAT? I took mine back in January and got a score I’m super happy with, but since then it’s literally the hardest thing in the world to get myself to study for these damn exams especially when they’re in a heavy science topic since that’s all i’ve studied for the past 6 months. I’ve seen a ton of people struggling with motivation for the MCAT, but not as many about people struggling after, so I was wondering if anyone has any fun tips to gain back some motivation before finals. Or if you just wanna rant about classes I’m totally here for that! [SEP]
I think this is very telling that in some pics (ones taken with her in the bikini) he seems a lot chubbier. This could indicate that they indeed were having an affair much longer. When did he start working out? By summer when they apparently started up, he was already fit. Not to mention her looking up his name way earlier too. Thoughts? [SEP]
My wife is using a Toshiba Chromebook 2 2015. Was running perfectly last night, then this morning she got the 'ChromeOS is damaged or missing" error.

I followed a guide, downloaded the recovery media, and put the USB into the affected machine.

It start OK, says "verifying media", then once it reaches 100%, goes to the "An unexpected error has occurred" screen. Google's only suggestion is try another USB or contact manufacturer. I tried a different USB, but same error, and Toshiba offers no advice on this.

So I turn to the more enterprising community! Has anyone else met this error? Is there any reason the recovery media won't work? Is there anything else I can try to fix the error?

Any advice or suggestions very much appreciated! [SEP]
She's perfect. I love the way she talks to me. I love everything about her. I asked her out a few weeks ago and she told me that she couldn't have that conversation. I later found out that she got into a fight with her mother, who forced her to plastic surgery when she was young and was trying to have her get work done on her face. I cried when she told me that and I felt like such a dweeb. She doesn't need work done. To me, she's perfect.

I'm in my mid 20's and I've recently turned my life around. I've battled severe depression, I've lost a ton of weight, I've changed my appearance, because I want to be good enough for her. I get strong friendship vibes but I want more. I know if she gave me a chance I could make her really happy.

All I do is compliment her. And I do that because I want to. I care about her so much. I never want her to ever be sad. So I guess my questions are

1- She said she couldn't have THAT conversation yet. That was over a week ago. How long do I wait? A month? A year?

2- How do I get her to care for me in the same way I care for her? [SEP]
Graduated in May 2020 as an IT major and struggling to get a job in IT or as a BDR (for technology companies) and I am still unemployed, but had a temporary contract job last fall up to February.

Please see interview audio below on Youtube. Note that my name is cut out at the beginning of the video. This is not a duplicate post to my last one and I will be posting these occasionally [SEP]
Hey dudes, looking for some good dudely advice. How do you all deal with life when it's more gutters than strikes? I have continued rolling with the punches but damn it can get to be a lot. Just curious how others have found a good way to not get bogged down in those times. Hope you all are doing well! Abide [SEP]
I'm gathering parts for my new rig and was wondering if I should pick up a SATA powered ARGB hub or if a regular hub would be fine. I'm planning on using 6 fans and 4 accessories. The case I'm planning on getting comes with an unpowered hub. Would a MSI JRAINBOW header suffice or would i need to get an powered hub. My motherboard only comes with 1 jrainbow header so i'd need a hub anyway to get all my fans and other stuff in sync [SEP]
Can someone please help me, I’m not able to chew on either side of my mouth and I’m getting really frustrated! I know this is a little long, but I am only 18 and I feel like nobody is taking my pain seriously :(

I wasn’t able to visit a dentist for a while due to moving/covid, then when I did I had to get some fillings. I had the right side done on October 8, 2020 and one of my teeth hurt a lot after (5). I tried going back several times and they shaved it/adjusted the bite, but it didn’t help. They said it was a shallow filling and I shouldn’t have any pain, so I waited and spent the last 6 months only chewing on the left side of my mouth. I avoided getting the left side done because I was afraid the same thing would happen. I also didn’t want the cavities to get worse, so I got the left side done on April 1 and now have excruciating pain on another tooth (18). I went back and told them it’s a big problem because I can’t chew on either side, so they said they’d redo filling 5 and keep an eye on 4. They also adjusted 18 again even though it obviously wasn’t hitting any other tooth. I went back to get the filling redone and afterwards I found out they redid filling 4! The pain is between my teeth which is why they said they’d keep an eye on it, but the plan was to redo 5.

Obviously nothing was fixed so I went back again and the dentist told me I have Pulpitis, which he has only seen in adults, then said to come back in a few weeks. I didn’t know what Pulpitis was so I didn’t argue, but after looking it up I realize he could’ve done something about it instead of making me wait even longer. My brother is 16 and also has the same problem with one of his teeth. This is the first time either of us have ever experienced pain after getting fillings. I can’t floss, chew, or bite down without feeling a sharp pain. Unfortunately we move a lot, so this is a new dentist.

We plan on finding a different dentist to get a second opinion, but it’s difficult because either the offices don’t take our insurance or they’re booked for months. I don’t want to get root canals and I’ve read that it’s possible to do a temporary filling or if the filling got wet it could’ve caused shrinkage. Can someone please help me or tell me what is going on? Or if someone has experienced this before? I am sorry I don’t have X-Ray pictures. [SEP]
Specifically wondering if any Type I’s out there have a delivery story they want to share. I know the more severe types can get more complicated for delivery management.

My hematologist in another state before I moved said that they were moving away from ddavp during delivery because of volume status/hyponatremia management issues. But my current hematologist recommends ddavp 30 minutes prior to delivery...

Also, epidurals anyone? Anesthesiologists okay with this? [SEP]
Most of us intelligent apes aren't participating in the bullshit that was today.We saw but we don't care because we understand the DD, we've had 4 months to understand it.It says 10,000,000+ million is very possible and the squeeze will take days if not weeks.It doesn't matter what anyone really says at this point. Most of us have learned that because these same mods keep flip flopping and going back on their words and the dd posted.We've experienced it before and know we can only trust DFV, RC, and the DD. This is our choice.

If you want to take financial advice from someone who copies and pastes DD rather than creating it, especially when their opinion goes against the DD shared and current sentiment, with no dd to back up their claims and hiding it under the guise of "opinion"... Sure, go ahead. It's your loss.

I'll be laughing at all the posts who complain about others telling them to sell early after we pass 10,000,000 million and they'll only have themselves to blame for it, and rensole of course but he won't give any fucks. Best of luck ape, we're on our own. [SEP]
Dear all,

I hope you are all having a wonderful day.

There are two guys going around Sydney, Australia asking for donations via raffle tickets. This is specifically in the Parramatta suburb. They claim they are with a non-profit organisation who help children who commit suicide due to domestic violence going on at home. They said that with COVID the rates have gone up. I'm all for helping people in need but I found a few suspicious things.

They were wearing blank ID card holders. At first I thought they were flipped around by accident but I saw them a couple more times today and they were definitely blank.

They were wearing a office work clothes (i.e. a button-up and tie). I usually encounter NGO workers and they usually wear a shirt or cap with their NGO's branding. These two guys weren't wearing anything representative of their organisation.

When asked for a brochure or a business card, they said they didn't have any. That they were the "walking brochures". They only carried a laminated paper showing what prizes could be won by buying the raffle tickets and a tablet to purchase the raffles. For an organisation that doesn't provide brochures or business cards, I found it suss that they would have a fridge, car and holiday prizes.

When I said that I would have a look at the website and donate it in my own time, they said they represented the Parramatta area? So by buying the raffles from them, the money would go towards the children of Parramatta.

Does anyone think they are scammers or am I being paranoid? Has anyone encountered something similar? [SEP]
Hey guys, just posted my first Surly bike, a 2008 Olive Green LHT and I’m stoked on it. I would definitely like to take this on some of our Montana fire roads as well, I know it’s not a bike packing bike but here we are.

I am looking at the Cowchipper handle bars for the style of riding I hope to do on this.

What I am looking for is recommendations on tires. I like the Gumwall on the olive green and would like a more aggressive wider all around better tire than the continentals that came on it, any help is appreciated.

Aside from that I already have bags. Though maybe some better brake pads for the rim brakes, it’s been a while since I’ve used some but it is definitely reminding me of the good old days! Anyway thanks for reading and for helping if you do. This pace is awesome and you guys are quite inspiring when it comes to bike builds! [SEP]
Most other countries I know allow you to split income between yourself and your spouse. So the two of you file a "joint" return. In simplified terms - and details differ from country to country - you pool your income, then divide the total by two, and pay taxes at rates as if you earned two smaller, single incomes. The overall tax burden therefore is less (since most of the earned money remains in lower tax brackets).

And usually, if you have kids then those are added as further 'dependents', which further reduces taxes.

In NZ it's not like that. It doesn't matter if you are single or married, if you have a bunch of kids as dependents or not... everyone gets taxed on their single income at full rates.

As a result, a couple making $80,000 each is significantly better off than a couple where one person stays at home and the other makes $160,000.

Working for families is supposed to help in the case where you have to take care of dependents. But interestingly, to get that benefit, the entire household income is considered in the means testing. Suddenly then, it matters who else you live with, but it didn't when it was time to calculate taxes.

So for taxation: Single person is considered only, driving up the taxes.

And for benefit: Entire house hold income is considered, driving down the benefit.

Also, people who can conduct their business through their own company can add their spouse as a director, thus getting their money via two separate director drawings. So they benefit from the lower tax rates. But a PAYE employee doesn't have that option.

Doesn't this all seem ... unfair? It seems unfair to me and I'm just wondering what others think about that. [SEP]
I (19F) have been dating this guy (18M) for almost 2 years. We have known each other for about 6 years and we started dating a while after getting to know each other... Over the past few months, he has been upset at me for things that I haven’t had any control over and I don’t know if I need to change or if it’s him. Well. About a year ago, I was going to a college roughly 3 hours away and I came home about once a month and he always complained that I was gone and that he missed me abundantly. When Covid happened, things got crazy at school and everything went back and at that point I felt like I needed to move back anyways because there were a few deaths in the family. I told him that I was moving back and he told me that it was good, because if I went back, he would have broken up with me anyways... I have felt lost since moving back home, and even am miserable of the way that he treats me. I ask him to hang out throughout the week, but he always says that he is “too busy” and I even invited him to dinner this week, offering to even pay for his meal (he complains about paying) and he told me that he forgot. I don’t know if I am doing something wrong and need to change or if it’s him not wanting to change... Ever since I have been dating him, I have lost all of my friendships to the point where I wait around throughout the week to hang out, because I have no one else to see and he always told me that they weren’t good influences. He says that I shouldn’t hang out with my guy friends who I have been friends with since 2nd grade, because they will “try to make moves...” There is a part of me that feels like I shouldn’t have dated him before leaving for college, because I felt like I was restrained and he even gave me a curfew to not hang out with anyone past 10:30 when I was away. I feel like I am stuck, because I lost my virginity to him and vice versa and ever since then, I feel like I’m SUPPOSED to be with him. Over the past few months, I have learned that he has been talking to girls that both of us know about our relationship problems and even has made me out to be the bad one in our relationship... On Saturday I decided that I needed to get away from everything going on around me, so I went to visit some friends of mine (whom of which were two guys, but his family knows their families) and therefore he hasn’t had an actual conversation with me in three days. I don’t know what to do and therefore I feel stuck and trapped. Should I stay with him to see if it gets better or should I end things and go back to the college I was at? I have been trying to decide for months where my sister has been telling me not to date him and the friends that I went to see [SEP]
So back in the initial crypto boom a couple years ago, I bought some BNB because it made my fees cheaper. It felt like a no brainer at the time. Now it seems that it has had a huge spike over the last few months.

Obviously there is risk of the exchange going under but, as the title suggests, is it a good idea/strategy to invest in exchange tokens such as VGX for Voyager?

In theory you are investing in the exchange’s success or am I missing something? [SEP]
A few days ago my younger cousin messaged me asking about information on certain universities in Canada (she lives in the US) So my younger cousin is REALLY smart like genius level intelligence and she’s gotten letters from Ivy League schools interested in having her attend their institutions. When she told me that she wanted to possibly attend the university where I’m going (which would be considered a community college in the states) I was a little confused as to why someone with such high potential would want to go to a local university in Canada instead of an Ivy League university. Like if she was interested in McGill, McMasters or the university of Toronto I could understand cause those schools are like the equivalent of Ivy League here in Canada. I’m not trying to bash my own school and I’m definitely not trying to convince her not to come either but like why would she not want better for herself. It couldn’t be because of money cause she would have scholarships to cover everything. If she came here she would be paying international student fees but my parents would 100% let her stay with us during her studies since we would be going to the school and I live at home. I’m just not understanding what’s she’s thinking. Maybe I need to see it from somebody else’s point of view. [SEP]
The Straight Line Sales Certification is your turnkey solution to becoming a world-class closer and top producer in your field.

This program is the culmination of more than thirty years of real-world experience in every industry imaginable. As a result, we can take virtually any individual, from any background, and give them the ablility to close anyone who's closable.

Buying this course from their website would cost you $4,995.00

You will be getting this course for only $30.

Just send me a PM if you are interested! [SEP]
I live in the city but love to hike, bike and camp so I'd really love an AWD vehicle that is easy to navigate through the city but also reliable on rougher terrain (nothing too crazy and we do get snow here). I don't want a huge SUV since I'm pretty small and I'm used to driving smaller cars (currently drive a 2017 Kia Soul) but larger cargo space is important to me. I plan on building a platform bed to use during the summer for my longer camping trips, so enough space for my partner (5'3"), dog (50lbs), and me (5'2") to sleep in. I don't know if this is important but I do tend to carry around large and dirty items (I garden and my dog loves mud haha) so potentially something that can be easily cleaned.

I was looking at Mazda CX-5 but not 100% convinced. I would love to hear what you guys think! [SEP]
Please join The Humane League's Earth Day Virtual Protest this Thursday! I am taking a selfie with this sign I made at home for Earth Day to encourage folks to eat plant-based. Please tag The Humane League when you post on social media platforms like Instagram and use hashtags like #EarthDay2021

Happy Earth Week and thank you for everything you do for our planet Earth.

Thank you in advance!

I am new to Reddit, bear with me! Learning every moment. [SEP]
This one is short. I placed an order, it took 6 days to get (I placed the order at night though). Turn around was quick, label created, missed a day i guess making it. Then USPS delayed 1 day. All in all, quick.



Nicotine is clear, no point in posting a pic of clear liquid we've all seen it. No odor no taste. Good product. These are plastic bottles. Put 3.6ml in a 60ml bottle, filled the rest up with VG. Vaped 2 tanks (10ml). No taste.

 Picture of the bottles. On the website, they look glass. They are in fact plastic. I did receive a drawing of an UWU cat (i imagine someone will ask). :) Hope this helps [SEP]
 One of the key concepts in AION as I understand it is that the human psyche (collective unconscious) has projected unconscious images into the constellations that, in a mysterious way, seem to have a synchronicity with the events on earth.

 Specifically, looking at three 2000 year Aions, we have Aries (Ram) to Pisces (Fish) to Aquarius (water bearer) and then a deep dive into how the Christ image represents the transition from Aries to Pisces: imagery of the death of the lamb, the birth of the fish imagery as detailed throughout gospel and early church, and finally, over 2K years, a transition to the 2nd opposite fish which seems to mirror history, finally to a transition into Aquarius right... about... now.

 There are a lot of very compelling and interesting points but one thing I am stuck on is, isn’t this a rather ethnocentric reading? Aren’t these constellations Babylonian in origin, and NOT mirrored in Chinese and Indian astrology at the time for example?

 If this really was the working of the collective unconscious, wouldn’t it be universal and not regional? Perhaps Jung has inaccurately identified causation?

 Next, a lot hinges on the idea that the second fish represents the shadow half and the opposite of the first fish, and while no one would deny that the western world has moved further away from many ideas found in Christ, and that major developments in this journey can be mapped at regular intervals, the idea that this is tied to a hidden meaning of the 2nd fish seems weaker.

 Finally, the notion that the water bearer referenced in Luke was a veiled reference to the “AION to come” (Aquarius) would be stronger if this was a time Jesus was talking prophetically but the context is him giving instructions for a secret dinner location for himself and the disciples. Woman were usually water bearers in this day so it seems this was more of a mission impossible esque maneuver for the disciples to connect with the person who had a room prepared, rather than a hidden prophecy reported in one gospel about a generalized transition to a new astrological age 2000 years later? The context wasn’t even regarding future times.

 Overall the concepts about unifying the opposites, the fish being a symbol of what is hidden deep in the waters of the unconscious, etc. all seem very compelling but because there isn’t a universal projection of the Pisces constellation, and because some of the dual fish meaning seems contrived and forced, and references to Aquarius seem sparse and like a stretch, I’m not sure if I buy the general thesis.

 I may be missing a few key nuances, though, so I am hoping someone can point out any points which may help me see Jungs point in a more compelling way. [SEP]
 To start off, a little background. My wife and I have started a tradition of going on birthday road trips, since our birthdays are within 2 weeks of each other. My wife is more of a relax on the beach and sip mimosas person... I'm more of, "OMG WE GOTTA SEE EVERYTHING," person.

This year, I promised her that at least part of the trip would be on a beach... I just didn't tell her at the beach, it would be 35 degrees with 40+ mph winds and swirling sand. None-the-less, here is a long and overly detailed recap of the weekend.

THURSDAY

We left fairly early in the morning - only about 1.5 hours after I scheduled. The drive out west, from Cleveland to the border, was quick and easy, as it usually is. However, the second we got into eastern Indiana, it seemed like we were just in construction non-stop until we hit Michigan City. I swear, we hit 5-7 construction zones, but hey, it happens.

When we go on trips, I try and find little areas or landmarks to stop at for restroom/stretch/food breaks, even if they are 10 minutes off the highway. My wife hates it at first, but always appreciates it after. On this trip, we decided our first stop would be in Mishawaka to check out the St. Joseph River parks. It was cold, but I spent about 20 minutes flying the drone. The photos aren't great, but I was able to capture at least parts of Battell Park, Kam Island Park, Robert C. Beutter Park, Central Park, and parts of the Riverwalk.

Being from Cleveland, we always appreciate a city/county/state that utilizes their waterfront for public/green/entertainment space. We have come a long way, but it seems like in Cleveland, reserve our water front for parking lots and airports.

We had tentative plans to see Notre Dame (I have a bias against ND, but that's a story for another time), but we decided we wanted to get back on the road after a quick bite. I thought I saw a recommendation for McAlister's Deli and I thought it was a local spot/small business, but unfortunately, it seems more of a chain, which was disappointing. The food was good, even if we didn't get to try the spuds, but my wife and I have made a concerted effort to do as much shopping/support of local/small business as possible.

From there, we headed to Michigan City. We stopped at Zorn Brew Works (Reddit recommendation) before checking in. We really liked the brewery, it reminded us of Cleveland - taking an old building and repurposing it into something cool. We tend to use the expression, "taking lemons and making orange juice." The hot pretzel bites and cheese were excellent. Beer wise, we split a flight - After 2, Intercoastal, Behind Every Cloud, This One Goes to 7, and 1871. All the beers were solid/good. My favorites were After 2 and Behind Every Cloud.

From there, we checked into the Blue Chip Casino, got changed, and went straight to the Dunes. We spent about 3 hours hiking/exploring. We walked all of Central Beach and may or may not have climbed Mt. Baldy. After, we headed to Washington Park Beach and watched some of the sunset on the pier.

From there, we drove around the Arts District. I saw a sign saying "Pizza - Beer - Wine" and we stopped immediately at BRIX. We did a 6 wine-sample tasting. The interior was modern and lowkey. The owner (I forgot his name) was super nice and knowledgeable on wine. We decided to split a pizza - which was solid, but could use a little work. I hope they get established - the space was cool and it has a great location, if that Arts District ever picks up.

From there, we got cleaned up and spent the rest of the night at the Blue Chip Casino. We drank some bourbon, my wife played some slots, but neither of us played any table games, which is odd, but we did try and learn roulette.

FRIDAY

After waking up, we headed right to the Dunes again. We hiked up Devil's Slide to start - which either was a great idea or a terrible idea. We made it up Mt. Tom and about halfway up Mt. Holden, but decided we wanted to spend more time on the beach and near the dunes, not the forest or marsh. We spent a good amount of time along Porter Beach and ended at the Bird Observatory.

From there, we decided to get a late lunch at Fish Camp (Reddit recommendation). At first, we were both skeptical, but the food was great. Jack, our waiter, was super friendly, and even gave us a couple extras.

After, we spent about 20 more minutes flying the drone. Nothing great because of the wind and power plant, but I got a couple of the lighthouse, beach, Millennium Park, the military memorial, and the Civil War Memorial at Franklin St.

On our way to I-65, we had to turn around because we saw a little shack called A Little Slice of Heaven in a big gravel parking lot. We got 2 peanut butter hippie cakes, 2 red velvet hippie cakes, a cinnabon, and raspberry cinnabon. What a great find.

On the way down to Indianapolis, we stopped at Carpenter Creek Cellars (Reddit recommendation), again, to stretch our legs and use the bathroom. We did another wine tasting. Amy was very friendly. We bought 2 bottles of wine to bring back home.

From there, we kept south and went to Moontown Brewing Company (Reddit recommendation). Another cool brewery, right in the middle of a little neighborhood. My wife got a pilsner, I got a Cecil and Amie III... both I would highly recommend.

Funny story - we didn't realize Indiana had a Time Zone change - and apparently, neither did many of your residents. We were definitely thrown off by the time we left Moontown.

We got into downtown Indy, checked in, got cleaned up, and decided to go for drinks and appetizers. We went to Harry and Izzy's (Reddit recommendation) to start - the friend ravioli was fantastic. Then over to St. Elmo's (Reddit recommendation). A couple more appetizers, and we we're ready to call it a night.

SATURDAY

Saturday morning, we woke up, walked a little around downtown (we like to see the architecture), then decided to get brunch. We went to Baby's (Reddit recommendation). My wife got a burger and I just got a couple sides, because I didn't know what I wanted. The food was really good and the milkshakes (with a little whiskey) were a perfect topper. Once again, our waiter Damon was very nice and gave us a recommendation for a couple local shopping spots, like Silver in the City. But first, we walked over to Tea's Me Cafe, to get a little bit of tea for my mom. If the woman working is seeing this, I'm sorry I didn't throw you a little tip. I thought all the tea was prepackaged. I didn't realize she had to take it out, grind it, fancy it up.

After, we headed to Mass Ave. We walked around a little, popped into Silver in the City, Global Gifts, and Artisans. My wife bought a little blue seal to hang on the shelf in our recently re-done bathroom.

From there, once again, I decided to fly the drone in your fantastic downtown parks. I flew at Obelisk Square, American Legion Mall, World War Memorial, University Park, and a quick pop over to Robert D. Orr Plaza to use up the last 2 minutes of my battery. Once again, really great parks. I had some signal issues, so I didn't get EVERYTHING I wanted, but I'm more than happy.

After, I was on a high, so we tried to get into Burnside Inn (Reddit recommendation) for a cocktail, however, we decided against it, since it was packed shoulder to shoulder and loud music... we were looking for something more lowkey. We crossed the street to The Exchange and it was more the pace we were looking for. My wife got Basil Hayden, I got their version of a Manhattan. I didn't get our waiters name, but he was also very nice. This block of Mass Ave. wasn't what we were expecting. It felt like a college town. We enjoyed our drinks, but we we're looking for something more lowkey, more of a speakeasy vibe.

Back to the hotel to get cleaned up for dinner. We took a quick 20 minute power nap, then headed to Mesh (Reddit recommendation). My wife got the filet. The steak was fantastic, but after tasking my wife's burger at Baby's, I couldn't get my mind off it, so I got a burger. Once again, our waitress was very nice and her recommendation for cabernet sauvignon was on point. The desert was excellent - double chocolate cake/moose something or other.

We ended up back towards the end of Mass Ave. at Ball & Biscuit (Reddit recommendation) for a drink. My wife got a martini, I got their Old Fashioned. Mine was good. We would have liked to sit inside, but the bar was packed, so we just decided to tough it out and sit outside.

We couldn't get an Uber/Lyft, so we decided to ride the Lime scooters back to the hotel. We had an absolute blast. Thankfully, I avoided a major catastrophe when I was trying to stupidly take a selfie. We spent about 30 mins. trying to find Giorgio's Pizza (Reddit recommendation). My favorite part of our trips is getting a thin, greasy, late night slice of pie. We got in literally 5 minutes before closing. The pizza and breadsticks were excellent. The owner and employees were very nice. I'm so happy I got in there just in time.

SUNDAY

My wife was pretty gassed but I don't sleep, so I got up early and decided to exercise the drone some more. I started at the Soldiers' & Sailors' Monument. I have to say, it is my favorite monument/landmark I think I've seen. The bronze with white limestone contrast is beautiful. Once again, I was having major mechanical issues, so I didn't get all the shots I wanted, but I got enough to be happy.

I was stopped by a woman who really talked my ear off about some crazy things. I hated being rude, but after about 20 minutes, I just stopped responding to her. Naturally, once she left, I was approached by the cops. I didn't get the officer's name, but he was a very nice guy. He didn't give me any grief, we talked for 10 minutes or so. From my research, I was legally allowed to fly where I was, but he told me I wasn't. I didn't haggle with him - as it's not worth it for me. I just like to get up, take some photos for memories, and not really disturb or anger anyone. He thanked me for being calm and understanding. If I didn't get a couple pics before hand, I might not have been so nice... kidding.

From there, I went to Hudnut Commons and then the George Washington Statue on the south side of the Statehouse.

We checked out and headed to Rock-Cola 50's Diner (Reddit recommendation). This is probably my wife's favorite part of our trips - the greasy, mom and pop diners for breakfast. I got the hot ham and cheese, she got a waffle... but the hashbrowns stole the show. Everyone was super nice, except for our waitress, which was kind of weird. The other 2 waitresses, cook, and busboy were all very nice.

From there, we decided to wrap up the trip by doing a little bit of the Canal Walk. We stopped at the Congressional Medal of Honor Memorial, 9/11 Memorial, and USS Indianapolis Memorial. We ended at Canal 337.

The Canal Walk is really great. I've been trying to push Cleveland and Cuyahoga County to invest in something similar along the Cuyahoga River. Cleveland/Ohio has so much incredible history, from Presidents, to Astronauts, to the creation of Superman, A Christmas Story, and the first working traffic light in America. Unfortunately, it takes our civil leaders acts of God to get off their asses... so I'm pretty jealous.

All-in-all, it was a nice road trip. The Indiana Dunes really are beautiful. I'm not sure what I was expecting but those walls of sand were awesome.

We liked Indianapolis a lot... it's the first city that made us wish Cleveland had some of it's characteristics. We both agreed we felt pretty safe in the City, despite not seeing any police until Sunday morning (the crazy lady Sunday morning had some theories as to why) and with some pretty interesting things going on around Monument Circle at night.

We actually got to just about everything we wanted to get to. I would have liked to get to 3 Floyds, Warren Dunes State Park, Benjamin Harrison House, and the Indianapolis Motor Speedway, but we already crammed so much into the weekend. We hit the things we really wanted to see. If it wasn't for the damn mid-state time change, we might have gotten out to the Motor Speedway or Warren State Park.

I hope that summary wasn't TOO long, but being from Cleveland, I know it's nice when people enjoy your city and have complementary things to say about it (we're literally the butt of every joke in every movie and TV show).

If you guys ever head east to The Land, I hope I can return the favor and give some recommendations just as good as the ones I got here (I'm pretty sure I can).

I don't know if this is against the rules, but I post drone pics on my Facebook and Imgur. It's not a business, I'm not trying to get followers, but sometimes people want to see. You can follow me @CLEdrones on Imgur, InstaGram, and Facebook. [SEP]
So I've been getting back into KU and was suddenly struck with wanting this specific story and I cannot remember the name of it for the life of me. I can't even remember the genre, except that it has an academy, the MC gets betrayed at the end of the first book by a love interest who is in a relationship with the evil aristocrat from an academy. In book two, they get embarrassed because he made a statue that depicted her betraying him but it's really good so they can't buy it to destroy it because it is embarrassing. This may not qualify as litrpg this is just the community that it could be that's the friendliest, and I used the search term "litrpg" on kindle to find it. TY if you can help [SEP]
"If the "market", the government, the SEC and the banks insist you drop what you're holding because they say you'll wreck everything by holding so many banana numbers in your account, then WHY are all the banana numbers in theirs? Doesn't that wreck things?

Do you know the difference between a trillion in their hands and a trillion in an ape's hands? Time."



Remember this while you are limiting your potential here. The UNIVERSE IS within reach! HODL and take it all! [SEP]
I was listening to Rush’s debut album and wanted to hear some more and as I was scrolling through my phone In the Rush section I looked at Clockwork Angels and got overwhelmed with sadness. My Dad was a big rush fan and I remember him getting that album In 2012 on CD he was excited to get It. He passed away 2 years ago and Just knowing I can’t listen to Rush with him again really got to me I grew up on Rush but didn’t really start appreciating music till I got older so not being able to talk about music with him really hurts. Sorry for the sad post but I thought as Rush fans I could get some comfort from sharing this.

Thank you [SEP]
