My wife and I have been married for 12 years. A few days ago she was walking down our stairs, tripped over our cat, and fell. Very thankfully the extent of her injury was a molar that was split in half when she hit the floor.

I told her she should visit a dentist immediately, but she didn't want to because they might pull it. I was confused, but she says she thinks it is ugly looking and makes people look like rednecks. This kind of hurt, since I'm missing two teeth due to playing hockey. She literally told me to open my mouth to look in and said "I don't want to look like that". Gee, thanks.

Anyway, since then she has been obsessed with the damn tooth. I told her she needs to go to the dentist. She doesn't have a fear of dentists, but she has a weird fear of losing this tooth. I told her we could get her a crown or a fake one if it came to it, but she refuses because there would still be a period where she wouldn't have a tooth.

This is a little surreal as she has never acted this way before nor has she been this overly concerned with her looks before. And before anyone asks, yes we are both sure she did not hit her head in the fall.

TL;DR

Wife broke tooth, complains a lot, wont go to dentist [SEP]

Alright Reddit, I need your advice.

I and this girl have been friends for almost 3 years, most of which we used to be school partners for most of the schoolwork. Recently I have decided to shot my shoot since we were both single and showed some signs that she liked me and I did too. It started as hanging out at school, then brunch twice, and then we went out on three dates for dinner:

Date #1à We were supposed to eat somewhere but happened to be fully reserved. So we ended up eating somewhere else and said that this doesn’t count and organized the second date to eat at the first restaurant

Date #2à We ended up going to that restaurant. Right before dropping her off, she mentioned that she would want to get high with me and grab something to eat the next time we hang out.

Date #3à She was not hungry that day, but we ended going to grab a snack and just sat down at the park. Later we decided to play Football in an empty parking lot (it happened that I started getting to it and she wanted to play with me. Keep in mind that was at 9 pm which felt like something out of a movie lol). She didn’t want to go home after that, so we decided to get high and just chilled together in the parking lot for a bit and we went for a walk where I had my arm around her the entire time. Finally, I go to drop her off and that’s when I leaned in for the kiss but she didn’t move, explained that she isn’t comfortable since she is high (which she looked like it lol) and said that she doesn’t want to be taken advantage of since someone did that to her in the past. I respected her decision but the idea that she thinks that I will take adv of her bothered me so I asked if she doesn’t trust me and she proceeded to say No (hurts after3 years of knowing her). She explained that she likes to take things really slow, proceeded to promise to talk about it next time, a date she was excited about because it involved her fav activity.

Fast forward to 4 days later (no contact), I hit her up saying that I got the place reserved for us, where then she proceeded to say she can't come and asked to stop seeing each other as she wants to be alone. To wish I overreacted and I said that we shouldn’t be friends anymore if that’s the case.

To me, friendship is based on trust, respect, and communication especially when she broke all three without caring. I don’t feel that I should be judged based on her previous experience. However, I understand that those experiences could affect every person differently and I can't blame her for the way she reacted 100%, but I blame her for the lack of effort she is putting

PS, she is usually a shy girl in general if that helps

tl;dr Friends for three years and went out for three dates, and then decided not see each other just because she doesn't trust me [SEP]

I recently got engaged and shared pictures of my engagement on social media. I was however surprised that a former FWB I had last year proceeded to unfollow me on social media. We met online at the start of last year. I was initially serious about pursuing a serious relationship with her but she wanted to see where things go rather than date intentionally. Over time I felt disengaged and just got comfortable seeing her as a friend which she seemed okay with. We carried on being intimate for about 6 months but no clear parameters were established about pursuing a relationship. We became really close friends.

I moved cities mid pandemic last year and the friendship with my ex fwb(26F) petered out, but we remained in touch even planning on meeting at some point post lockdown. She met someone,and entered into a relationship which she made public in January this year. I found out on social media and was very happy for her as she seemed very excited. I never bothered to ask when they met.

I too, met someone back in September who I had a connection with and share similar values and aspirations. I got engaged to her(24F) this month. I shared my engagement but never felt the need to publicise the initial stages of this relationship.

What could have prompted my ex fwb(26f) who I felt we were cool and she seemed happy and publicly in a relationship with someone to unfollow me.

I still do follow her, should I unfollow her too? Even though I don't have any sour feelings but joy for her?

TL;DR! I got engaged and shared pictures of my engagement on social media. An ex FWB who I deemed a friend proceeded to unfollow me on social media even though she is in a relationship

[SEP]
On Saturday, my [F,24] boyfriends [M,23] family was having a bonfire. He and I have been together 7 months. I’ve met his family on multiple occasions and his sister [F,27] twice. The sister has recently been in some trouble with the law, she assaulted her ex’s dad. Beat him up enough to the point he pressed assault charges. She at her baseline is just sort of unpleasant. She’s been in a lot of trouble with the law, totaled cars, almost split her parents up, blackmailed people, etc.

At the bonfire, I asked her where she was working nowadays. She responded, “well nowhere right now.” I said, “Aw why not apply to the hospital I work at?” And she replied, “I have a lot going on right now.”

I said this not knowing she didn’t work at her current place/hospital of employment. I was trying to make small talk with her.

My boyfriend and the sisters cousin who I’m best friends with, told me today the sister told their side of the family she didn’t like me because I was “asking too many questions.” And took offense to me trying to make small talk with her. The family advocated for me saying that I was just trying to make small talk and I wasn’t being malicious which I’m thankful for. The rest of the family likes me which I’m also thankful for.

My anxiety is eating away at me on this and I feel as if I should apologize. But at the same time, I feel like I didn’t do anything wrong.

TL;DR: My boyfriends sister told their side of the family she doesn’t like me because me making small talk with her offended her because I was “asking too many questions.” I feel as if I should apologize. [SEP]
I'm having a hard time getting over this man and I'd really like to stop thinking about him. Although I admit he was flaky from the start I never could have imagined that he would stoop so low. He's a high earner and while I definitely didn't make anywhere near as much as he did I was very comfortable with my salary. He was on a business trip and the day I lost my job I texted him. He read my message and never replied. Thankfully, I was able to get an old job back less than a week after I lost that job. I texted him this but I'm not even sure if he read any of my messages.

I'm worried he though that I was a gold digger and had faked losing my job to get funds from him. That's such a crazy thought to have but he did say many times that he hated gold diggers. I noticed him even trying to test me to see how materialistic I was. He would ask things like if I wanted certain expensive items. Wanting expensive things makes me a gold digger?? I've never asked him to buy anything for me.

I genuinely liked him as a person and I'm annoyed that he ghosted me and wasn't even willing to hear me out. Especially since I was up on my feet so quickly after being laid off. I don't think men usually dump their partners just for losing their jobs. I think honestly some guys don't know how to handle negative circumstances and just ghost because they are too emotionally immature.

Although I do consider myself lucky that he showed me his true colors before the relationship got too serious, I still feel so angry that I didn't get to be heard. I learned a hard cold lesson and if he ever contacts me again, I won't respond. But I still cannot get over it.



TL;DR Cannot get over this guy who ghosted me after I lost my job (because he might have thought I would have asked him for money). I'm hurting because of the lack of closure. [SEP]
I'm fairly certain my friend was attempting to make a romantic gesture and due to really unfortunate timing, now probably thinks she interrupted a hookup between me and someone else.

So long story short about two years ago, I ran into a girl from my high school in my office building lobby. She was a couple classes behind mine so we we're really friends but we knew who each other were. So we said hi, exchanged words and she told me she had just moved to the city I now live in and works at a company in the same building as mine. We got lunch maybe once or twice a month until COVID hit. Every time, without fail 30 minutes after we got back she'd text me something along the lines of "I always enjoy spending time with you." Anyways we kept in touch every once in a while over text. A few months back, I had a pretty tough breakup after a 2 and a half year relationship. So she texted me shortly there after checking in and I told her about the breakup. The next Saturday, she made me get out of bed, get dressed and run errands and shit with her so that I wouldn't lay around all day feeling sorry for myself. Even bought me ice cream. Sweet girl.

Anyways, we started talking more and more often and have hung out a couple times. It just kind of naturally started to get flirtier and flirtier but I wasn't really sure if I wanted to try and jump right into anything again that fast. But she's smart, funny, pretty, sweet etc. and I've started to open up to the idea. I was planning on asking her on a date this week.

So I was out of town last week for work. She called me Tuesday and asked if I wanted to get drinks that night. She was really upset with her roommate and being stuck working from her living room with her roommate for an entire year. I told her I was out of town until Friday night but if she wanted to she could crash at my place for a couple days, work from my home office, etc. One of my buddies was watering my plants while I was away so I gave her his info and said she could get my keys from him. We didn't talk much beyond that other than her asking how to get into the pool, gym, etc. at my building.

Friday night, I get back in town any my female colleague [26] and I went from the airport to my place to compare notes and submit my report. It's strictly work related, takes about an hour and then she leaves and I go to sleep. We do this after every trip like this because the report is due on Monday morning and neither of us like having to deal with it over the weekend.

So we get back to my place around 11pm and guess what - the girl in question was asleep on my couch halfway through a very nice bottle of wine wearing my bathrobe and from what I see from a glimpse under the robe, a very cheeky thong and a matching lace bra. When she woke up after we walked in she started apologizing immediately, saying she lost track of time etc. She looked absolutely mortified. She ran into my room to change, grabbed her stuff and awkwardly rushed out before I could make introductions apologizing the whole way out. Every time I said, "Hey, so this is so and so." She'd cut me off and apologize profusely. The whole thing was bizarre at the time. I also noticed her try to discretely grab a thank you card off my counter and stuff it in her purse on the way out. My coworker was like "wtf who was that?" And I told her a friend was house sitting.

So anyways, I didn't think anything of it at the time. We finished up our work and I was walking my coworker down to meet her Uber, she looked at me and said "So, you know she was trying to surprise you and make a move when you got home right?" It immediately hit me like a freight train that that was a possibility and said "FUCK." My coworker said "You better call her right now."

I got back up to my apartment and called her. She didn't pick up. I then noticed she had cleaned every square inch of my apartment, washed and folded/ironed all my dirty laundry, and restocked my fridge while she was staying at my place. I also noticed a couple new candles in my living room. So when she didn't answer, I just sent her a text thanking her for taking care of my house plants and everything else and told her I was going to take her to dinner to thank her. She replied two days later "no problem. sure." and didn't reply when I asked which night worked for her. If I had any indication that she would still be at my place expecting to hang out when I got home, I would have absolutely made other plans.

So the way I see it there are two possibilities - either she's just a really good house guest, did lose track of time and fall asleep Friday evening before I got home and was just embarrassed about still being there when I got home OR she was planning to make a move, thought my coworker was someone I brought home to hook up with, and is mortified/embarrassed/angry etc.

What do you think Reddit? If it is explanation B, can I just call her and ask her to come over and talk or do I need to do something bigger since this is potentially the biggest fuck up of my dating life. Thanks! [SEP]
Me and boyfriend have been together for 4 years. I'm 23 and he's 25.

A few years ago, not long after me and my boyfriend got together, I ran into our mutual acquaintance. Me and her have stopped and chatted to catch up for some time. In conversation, she mentioned that my boyfriend is "punching" and lucky to have me. She was saying it in a light-hearted way being nice. When I saw him, I told him that I bumped into her and told him what she said, joking with him a bit that he's punching. He got very serious and disagreed that he's punching. And he replied with something like, yeah don't take it offensive but I just don't think I am, you're the one punching more like. We asked his mom what she thinks and she also said that he thinks I'm punching with him (implying he's out of my league).

I know the whole punching conversation with him and his mom was a bit immature and I was 19 at the time and I was more immature, but it bothered me. Because he's basically implying that he's not lucky to be with me.

Fast forward a few years, I brought it up again because of something we were talking about, and he still stands that he's not lucky to have me. He also mentioned that he was offended that the girl said that he was punching a few years ago and he doesn't like her anymore. I'm really hurt by that. I believe in a relationship, the person should feel lucky to be with his partner and vise versa.

*Punching for anyone who doesn't know, is basically saying that eh person is out of your league, or that you're punching above your weight, meaning you're lucky to be with them.

TL;Dr: Our mutual acquaintance said to me that my boyfriend is punching. I told him this and he got offended, and said that I'm the one who's punching as he's out of my league and his mom agreed. It still bothers me. [SEP]
We are in an LDR (4 months) and basically enjoy different things and our range of things we want to do inside and outside of the relationship varies.

For instance I've been busy with school, I enjoy a handful of social hobbies that range from online social to antisocial stuff I do on my own time and outdoors. I'm used to having a lot of time to myself and with uni being ended for now the prospect of time to myself is once again within reach, except I'm really concerned about how to go about my summer in a way that I can get the space I need without my bf taking it wrong.

Maybe it's that my communication has been bad because I'll admit I am starting to wonder if we are truly compatible. For instance with our huge time difference and when we can actually masturbate around the house etc both of us have I think? A bad habit of watching porn. I worry about how that effects and will effect our sex life, though I don't think it'd be a big deal if we were to live together.

Tbh he doesn't exercise or pride himself as much on his physical fitness or health and it's gotten him to a complicated spot. Plus I rarely go out now for nearly as long as I am used to since we started dating which was a mistake. I just worry we will not be compatible in that way either and I've heard people say that if they work hard/towards that kind of thing then why wouldn't they deserve someone who is roughly the same way? I want to have hope he would change over time (and I feel bad bringing this up because it would hurt him, and doesn't mean I don't find him attractive in general) but it seems silly to cling to the idea because I can't change people and shouldn't want to change a loved one either. That kind of thing is fine for friends but when you eat together and live together I worry a lot about what that would say for our at home life, intimate and active life. I have my problems too and some of that is around my stomach but in the past I've made a better effort to be healthy and want to continue.

Anyway what this post was actually about...he gets really upset if we don't talk for too long or if I just want a night sleeping alone or some time during the day alone not on a call w/ him. Like he spams me and panics and it's just at this point I don't know that I expected this. I can try communicating differently but I don't think it'll change much as I think the root of things that have ticked me off and made me want space in these situations, well, No I did just need time to think about it but other times I feel taken for granted(he takes it for granted that I will always be around or always spend time which I've said early on I didn't think built a very strong relationship.) I serve a certain type of role in his life and am fairly generous of my time and energy with him. The fact he always wants more and always implies that me talking to him more will somehow magically make things better is only discouraging and draining. I feel like it's never enough. Being an adult this is extremely tiring and I would've thought by now that with his past relationships he'd realize this behaviour can really rub people the wrong way and actually send people in the opposite direction.

One thing that probably bothers me that has happened a couple of times is that he doesn't seem to be able to be happy over plans I'm considering making for myself (that don't include him) and complains about how my school has cut into time with him or because of our timezones when I've literally put most mornings into hanging out with him - even when that time was only two more weeks until it was over and he knows I'm stressed. Is that normal or is that just a severe lack of understanding and actual caring for anything to do with me and my interests??

Tldr; my boyfriend could be more proactive about his health, having his own life separate from mine, and communicating honestly with me. He frequently wants me to spend most if not all of my time with him. He gets a bit pouty if I don't and this includes things like being on call constantly because it's a LDR. [SEP]
My best friend has shared his digital library of video games with me for as long as we've known eachother. We're pretty well established in eachothers' families and the way he shows his love is in gifts. We're both pretty equal as far as sharing goes, but he likes to spoil himself with games and I has also benefitted from that. I'll admit he's not the sharpest tool in the shed but his heart has always been in the right place and I love him for that. He's never been lucky with having a girlfriend until REALLY recently and now I feel cut off. /:

She doesn't vocally express any kind of interest in games besides the cute/trendy ones in pastel aesthetic gamer tiktok videos.

Part of me feels like I don't get to complain because in reality it's his account but I also feel like he's trying to forcefeed all of his interests in the month they have been together and I'm just losing out more than he thinks she's gaining from it.

TL;DR My bestfriend is making me lose out on a $3000 Nintendo Switch library all so his new gf can essentially play animal crossing and I feel like bitching about it [SEP]
I lost my virginity to a guy who I wanted a serious long term relationship with but he ended up dumping me after only having sex a couple times. It completely ruined my life and I hate everything now. I just don't understand why he had sex with me when he wasn't sure what he wanted. I don't understand why he even bothered being nice to me and making me fall for him. I got so attached and no one impresses me anymore.

I can't even enjoy sex or relationships now because I don't feel anything anymore. I feel so bad about losing my virginity to someone who dumped me that now when I have sex I just feel so awkward and dumb. I actually don't even feel any enjoyment during sex, I don't even feel like I'm having sex again.

Tldr: I don't understand why my ex had sex with me when he was just going to leave [SEP]
I want to start this off by saying I’m very very grateful for my family and that a lot of this behaviour is stemming from simply being protective over me.

I’m 21F and have been in a relationship with my 22M boyfriend after around 5 years of being properly single (apart from casual dates here and there).

We’ve been dating for almost 2 months and the relationship is going well, but I’m struggling to grapple with some nosiness from my younger brother who is 2 years younger than me.

Our approaches to dating are very different and he said he honestly thought I was gay/asexual due to me not dating someone in ages. Which I quickly corrected him on by saying you really shouldn’t be making such personal judgments about people.

He tends to get into very serious relationships very quickly and has had two serious girlfriends. He tends to fall in hard and fast and usually embeds himself very quickly into to lives of his significant others. He really follows by traditional dating and is quite a sensitive person (not in a bad way).

Since me telling him about my relationship with my boyfriend, he’s commented about where he thinks we should be in our relationship and what we should be doing. He’s explained this is coming from him being both protective and having had ‘experience’ in relationships.

For example he’s made a number of comments asking why my boyfriends stays at our place, and not us at his place as of yet. Our house is empty at the moment due to my family being away so it’s easier, and I’ve explained this to my brother. And before I met his parents, it was why haven’t you met his parents yet you should ect. And the latest comment he’s made is around whether or not we’ve said I love you, because based on a playful conversation he heard we are not ‘a very loving relationship’. We’ve literally been together for two months, I’m not going to drop the L bomb that early on.

I understand some of this may be protective and that’s what my parents have said, but we’ve been together for two months and the comments are honestly starting to tire me and is now making me not want to tell my brother when I’m with him because another comment will obviously ensue.

I’ve already had a conversation about this kind of stuff with him and he said he was just looking out for me. But how should I approach this considering the comments are still happening?

Mind you he’s saying some stuff half jokingly but as a private person I’m hating having my relationship under the microscope like this.

Any advice?

And I know above all this may be coming from a good place, but that doesn’t really make it okay if it’s making me uncomfortable. I’m thinking the best route may be to shut down a comment each time it comes up, having a conversation seemingly didn’t work last time.

TL;DR: my [F21] younger brother [M20] who has been in serious relationships before me has began making comments regarding my new relationship with my bf [M22] of two months about where he thinks we should be. I’m needing advice on how to combat this because it’s irritating me as a private person. [SEP]
I’m f19 and was wondering why the guy m26 ive been talking to for over a month on snap start suddenly leaving me on delivered for hours and only sending streaks? Before, he used to send random snaps and it was more personal and now he’s not. what’s the reason for him avoiding me like this? I’m assuming this means that he’s not interested anymore but if this was the case why continue to snap with me as all?? He still responds to some of my stories but with only a few words. I’ve been mirroring his actions and leaving him on delivered and opened, and usually when I do this he begins to snap me a lot

Tl;dr is the guy I’m talking loosing feelings? [SEP]
My grandfather's birthday is coming up soon, he's turning 80, my dad wants both me and my sister (22) to go to his birthday party. We both agree on not wanting to go, but my dad is talking as if we dont have a choice in going. He actually gets mad and starts yelling about how wrong it is, that we still see my other grandma and avoid his parents like the plague.

I dont want to act as if everything is okay, and lying out the ass to please him about his parents. (I'm a gay atheist and was asked to not mention or anything of the sort to show respect????) Basically I sit there take insults and underhanded statements, and I'm supposed to be nice and not punch someone. Both me and my sister have bad childhood memories of them, and really dont want to deal with any drama.

I got a invite to his birthday (which is at a community center that has a pool )and it says "swimming is not an excuse to not be there the whole time." I mentioned that my sister's friend is also having a birthday party for her kid on the same day, and I got yelled at. How do i tell my dad i want nothing to do with them Without ruining my relationship with him? I love him dearly this is just one thing that he gets triggered at.

Tldr: dads side of the family are rude and belittling and I dont want to be a part of it, dad insists. [SEP]
I [F29] have two close friends E [F28] and C [F25]. E and C are also good friends, but neither is as close to each other as I am individually to each of them. Over the years (especially right before and during COVID the past year), C and her boyfriend have become very close with a larger friend group of mine and my husband’s - close enough that we consistently hang out once a week, plan vacations together, that sort of thing. While E is a best friend of mine, she is just different than this larger friend group (interests, lifestyle, etc). She has hung out with the larger friend group and us many times, but have never and frankly probably will never be “besties” with this group like C and her boyfriend has. In my mind it’s just simply that they are just different types of people.

I can tell E is jealous and hurt by C’s inclusion in this larger friend group while she is not a part of it. Because I could tell of the jealously, I did not mention to E that this group of friends made two small, COVID-safe trips last year. At this point it has started to feel like a secret and lie I am trying to hide to stop from hurting E’s feelings. I feel terrible that I did not have the guts to tell her sooner, but the need to lie did come from a place of knowing it would hurt her because she feels jealous or not included.

I feel like I need to tell E that we went on these trips (E has asked to go on a trip we are planning this summer, and the other friend group has okay’d it). I know telling her this will deeply hurt her feelings. Part of me also feels confused about E’s strong feelings, as if E just does not understand that some types of people are different and that C is just simply more similar to this larger group of friends in lifestyle and interests. I think E has always struggled to feel included and knowing two of her close friends (myself and C) are in a friend group without her is hard.

Is there anyway to come clean about this to E (our previous trips with C and auxiliary friends) but also let her know it is nothing personal and just that C happens to get along with them differently than she might? I feel like a asshole for even saying all this this way, but I can’t help imagine that if it were me I might “handle” my friends having outside friends from me better than she is able.

tl;dr - How do I discuss with my friend that just because she is not a part of this larger friend group does not mean that she is less than? [SEP]
The girl he was dating was also our best friend, they lived together for 3 years . But she broke up with him days ago. It was bad , she left with no excuse, and he’s now just broken.

At first he was mad and very sad and wasn’t ready to talk about it, but he opened up to me we talked and after that he said he wants me there for support, I am taking care of him , and doing stuff around the house, started to pack her stuff and all. I just felt I need to be there for him.

Yesterday morning he texted me to come over since he felt so bad. I comforted him and he was somehow able to fall back asleep.

He asked me to stay and not to leave and he’s asking me to sleep next to him. I did , we didn’t do anything but he hugged and was playing with my hair. It’s something we did before the break up , it may seems weird , but we are so close that I would sleep over at their place next to him and he did that. We talked about it he had no feelings for me and I had none so it was ok.

( I have another guy I’m interested in and he knows that)

The thing is I am afraid if he or even I may get attached if we did this, or if he’s doing that to try filling up her gap. I just don’t want him to get more confused or suffer more by doing this .

I’m writing this after waking up in the middle of the night, I told him I’ll sleep in the other room and if he needed me I’ll come.

Tl;dr : am I doing right by staying around when he says he needs me , and sleeping next to him. Or should I support him without spending the night. I’m confused , what should I do ? He said that’s how I can help , by staying around and not leaving him alone. [SEP]
Hello! I would like some advice on how to get over your significant others past relationships with other people. My boyfriend and I have been talking for about a month and a half. (Early-mid March) and everything has been going fine. We FaceTime every night, talk all day, and spend hours together on our dates. We have slept together twice, before he officially asked me out.

I’ve never been in a real relationship before, only hooked up with a few people.

He broke up with his abusive ex of a year (in January).

We were on FaceTime the other night and he made a comment about tinder hookups, I didn’t understand what he meant by it, so I pressured him to tell me. As he said it didn’t matter and I wouldn’t want to know.

He finally said that he had slept with 10 girls all in March before he met me. He said he didn’t like to think about it, and that he feels super bad.

I genuinely don’t know how to feel about this, I know I had no claim over him since he literally didn’t know I existed. I don’t even know if the feeling I have is jealousy, as the thought of him sleeping with TEN girls all separately in less than two weeks makes me feel sick to the stomach. I also feel sad that he felt like he had to get validation from random girls like that, because he was so emotionally unattached from his ex for a long time before they broke up.

I would hope however that if I had slept with ten people in the weeks before sleeping with someone new, I’d get checked for STI’s, and warn them of my sexual past.

My friend said that he’s probably exaggerating and that men like to sound more “experienced” than they actually are. Also, that people who were controlled in their previous relationship tend to go crazy when they finally have freedom, and that this is normal. (10 tho??)

If anyone has any advice on how to get over their lovers sexual past, I’d love to hear it. Or even any advice on how I should deal with this situation.

TL:DR My boyfriend told me he slept with 10 girls in the month before he met me. Why do I feel so horrible about it. [SEP]
TL;DR My BF called me his "partner", but only in business settings. I'm not ready for this level of commitment. Am I putting too much into the word? Should I say something?

My boyfriend and I have been together three and a half years and been iving together about four months. We've definitely indicated we see this as a long-term relationship, and I've agreed to put aside career opportunities outside of our city, where his thriving practice ties him.

Twice recently he has introduced me to colleagues at his "partner". We haven't discussed this and this feels a little fast for me. I'm not ready to take on that level of commitment.

Part of me says I should say something. But then part of me says I should let it slide. He only does it in professional settings, and I understand it's a little weird at our age to say "boyfriend" or "girlfriend" in a professional setting, where you really wouldn't introduce someone to colleagues unless they were really part of your life.

Part of me says just look the other way because it's rare and only done in professional settings. Part of me says since it's bugged me both times he needs to know I'm not ready for that. But maybe I'm loading too much on this word and should let the rare use slide.

Am I putting too much stock in the word? Should I say something or just ignore it given he only seems to use it professionally. [SEP]
TL;DR: My boyfriend (24) broke up with me (21) after two years and I don't know what to do next.

The last time I made a Reddit post, it cost me my relationship by making our issues glaringly obvious. In a couple of now deleted posts, me and my ex-boyfriend both gave our side of a problem...that wasn't even that serious now that I think about it. In the post, we explained that he was 'withholding' sex from me until I had a series of extensive dental work.

In the time after the post, he explained to me exactly why he was 'withholding' sex. It immediately put into perspective a couple of things.

I'd pretty much ruined all senses of his pride and trust.

I could look past and understand why he no longer wanted a physical relationship with me.

Of course, the stipulation was still that my dental issues would have to be completely finished before we continued to have sex again...but I didn't like that my teeth had to be the deadline in a situation that was completely separate. I told him this in the aftermath of our heart-to-heart about it. Seemingly, he took it the wrong way and thought that I was telling him that it was stupid and irrelevant. Ultimately, I pin this down to my inability to express my thoughts in a way that others understand.

Breaking his pride and trust happened a week earlier, and is crucial to understanding exactly why I'm at a loss for what to do next: In the week prior, we broke up. But selfishly, and without a single ounce of grace, I basically demanded that we get back together because we loved each other and I...couldn't handle the thought of life without him. We did a lot of negotiating to get back to a seemingly good place--at first getting back together only in name, but without any physical contact. I agreed at first, but was still unhappy; crying, pitying myself at the thought of what I saw as a loveless relationship.

After this, we signed a 'contract' stating that I would get my teeth fixed and he'd touch and kiss me again. And moments after, we signed another that stated that he would never break up with me without talking to me and then seeking therapy until we could resolve.

In the second breakup, I brought this up. He stated that it was all toxic bullshit and we should have never resorted to all these stipulations. I disagreed, but couldn't express it in words. I didn't see it that way, and still don't. I...think that they're promises we made to each other.

I see where I went wrong, I even had myself admitted into the hospital in a moment of anguish. I wanted answers above all else because I...didn't want to do anything crazy or hurt him more than I have already.

It's only been two weeks, but I still want to call him and convince him that we're meant to be together. I want some sort of closure or knowledge that he's hurting as badly as I am. Or I want a chance to make amends and start over from the beginning, clear transparency so we could get back to the place we were at.

In the hours after our breakup, I sent a series of messages to him. But he blocked me.

He's kind of stubborn, and doesn't want to hear anything more about a relationship with me. Despite our falling out only occurring in just under a week, he's cut me off entirely. And while it could be chalked down to not loving me anymore, in our final week we talked extensively about our future together. We were talking about getting engaged--about buying a house to raise our future children in. We were absolutely perfect together in every aspect...other than the teeth and losing his trust in me over it.

I am super thankful for him giving me a second chance, even if it wasn't carried out properly. But...I don't know how to come back from this. I don't know how to reach him or appeal to him in a way that will make him want to give me a third chance to maybe do it right. To just talk and explain our misunderstandings. How he told a friend of mine that he thought I no longer took him seriously, but I had no clue about this or I would have resolved it.

I have a sickening faith and a deep love for him that I can't imagine going away for a very long time. I planned a future with him, but my previously undiagnosed depression and bipolar made it super hard for me to get anything done and it ultimately played into why we broke up. Of course, I'm not excusing my behavior and passing it off on my mental illnesses. But I'm starting my journey to fix it and...I want a chance to fix my relationship too.

I have a reasons for posting this. I want to try to reach him, knowing that he sometimes frequents this sub Reddit. I want a reality check. I want a game plan. I...have no clue what to do next. [SEP]

i (18F) don’t think i wanna be with my boyfriend (17M) anymore. we’ve been together for nearly a year now, things were going great in the beginning but now i feel like i’m the only one putting in effort and all feelings are one sided.

we’ve been arguing a lot, maybe every single day. none of my friends like him either, they all think he’s controlling and toxic. i’m not allowed to have any male friends nor am i allowed to mention any other guys while having a conversation with him. he doesn’t trust me at all even though i’ve been nothing but honest our whole relationship; he hasn’t.

he hid the fact that he was still talking to his ex (18F) when we first started dating. i eventually found out since a notification from her popped up while i was looking something up on his phone. once i confronted him, he claimed she was struggling with her mental health and only felt comfortable with him. soon found out she was lying since she sent him a whole essay about how much she wants him back and how she did everything she possibly could to “win” him back, even if it meant lying about her mental health.

sometimes he’ll pick on stuff i can’t control and claim it was a joke and cover it up by saying, “oh i made fun of you cause i find it adorable” after figuring out i was upset over it. i’ve pointed it out to him many times and he’ll ignore it or claim i’m dragging it.

i recently found out he’s been monitoring my likes on social media as well. he’ll check them everyday and question me about certain things. ask why i liked X and Y’s pictures and argue with me about certain tweets i’ve liked. sometimes he’ll even look at my likes and tweet “women aren’t sh*t” or something along the lines of it, lol.

he rarely texts me as well. maybe 4-5 times a day and ignore me for hours while he’s active on social media. but expects me to reply almost immediately and act like nothing ever happened. even if i’m slightly upset, he’ll get mad at me and ignore me for hours.

td;lr - boyfriend (17M) does the bare minimum and gets mad at me for reciprocating the same energy. doesn’t trust me at all for no reason, but has lied to me in the beginning of our relationship about talking to his ex even though she lied about her mental health deteriorating to win him back. boyfriend also monitors my social media use - not allowed to have any male friends either [SEP]
My bf (27m) and I (22f) have been together for a little over a year and just recently moved into an apartment together. Everything was going smoothly but lately it’s like almost everything he does just makes me upset. Instead of staying quiet like I have in the past (which he told me not to do), I speak up when I have an issue but now all of a sudden he considers it to be nagging. For example, my birthday was in February and I have been talking about my birthday since last year because I am very big on birthdays. For his birthday in December, I went all out so I expected the same. We did absolutely nothing for my birthday so of course I was and still am a little upset about that. He claims that he is going to make it up to me but it is now April. I guess he feels guilty because every time i bring it up he gets upset and tells me to give him time which is what i’ve been doing for the past two months. It’s like I can never express how I feel without him getting mad and not taking my feelings seriously. He says that it is always something with me but he doesn’t seem to realize that he pretty much causes me to feel a way about certain things. I don’t know if I’m too emotional or if he is just insensitive. He says that him not doing anything for 1 birthday isn’t that serious. I guess I just want to know if i’m overreacting or not, because if I am then i’ll just drop it.

EDIT: He told me that he would celebrate it btw, I was asked to clear my schedule and everything for that day but nothing came to fruition. Forgot to include that in initial post.

TLDR; Boyfriend thinks that I am nagging when I bring up anything that upsets me even though he told me to be more vocal about my feelings. [SEP]
So I moved in with three roomates I do not know on Friday. I know it has been five days but it is my first time with roomates and I have noticed they're super close, so of course I want to be a part of that.

I have talked to them every day and I have noticed they cook together and have dinner together every weekday. Yesterday they had dinner at 7 but I planned it for later, I was able to join but only for a bit and thought they would include me more... Sooo today I planned everything so I could eat at 7pm with them but they didn't have dinner and now they're all having dinner together and it's 9pm. They cooked together as well. I already had dinner so I'm here in my room feeling sad.

It seems like they do so many things together and have so much chemistry and I feel like they respect my privacy or my routine which I appreciate, but I would like to have dinner with them and get to be a part of that dynamic.

Would telling them like "oh at what time do yall have dinner? I'd like to join" be too much? Am I making a mistake by having my door closed all the time? It's like they have their own dynamic but I don't know how to merge it with me, of if they Want to.

Tl;dr: I moved 5 days ago and my roomates are super kind but since this is my first time with roomates I wanna know tips on how to approach or be a part of this dynamic [SEP]
Her and I met almost two years ago at school. We hang out so much and we can barely go a week without seeing eachother. It really sucks because her mom thinks I like her and I don’t know is she likes me back. We do everything together and even are going on vacations together this summer. I don’t want to ruin our friendship because of this stupid crush that won’t go away. Her family really really likes me, she trusts me a lot, and I don’t want that to go away.

TL;DR - I don’t want to lose my best friend even if she likes me back [SEP]
I've been dumped in the past for what feels like being shy and not talking enough so I learned to talk a lot but now the current guy I'm seeing barely talks. We hardly ever text, never talk on the phone, and even when we're together I sometimes feel like not much happens in the conversation. The thing is that I want to talk a lot and I can't stand that I'm the only one talking. I don't understand why we barely talk

Tldr: this doesn't feel like a real relationship to me because we don't even talk everyday [SEP]
I am 18F. My guy best friend, we’ll call him Ralph (18M), recently broke up with one of my friends, we’ll call her Betty(18F), after about 4 months of dating. We’re all graduating this year, and Ralph and Betty are going to separate colleges, and Ralph didn’t want the breakup to be fresh when they were trying to settle down in college (I think he probably should’ve waited until we were fully done with high school, but what’s done is done.)

Betty is really upset about it and can’t understand why he would do this, because they both still have feelings. She was texting with me a few days after it happened (yesterday), and was telling me how she knew they must be soulmates. She basically told me that she was going to marry him after they graduated college, even though Ralph clearly did not want a long-distance relationship.

I told her that I understood she still had feelings for him, but it might be best if she try to move on for now, since we’re leaving for college soon and she doesn’t want to miss an opportunity with someone because she’s still thinking about marrying a boy she dated for four months in high school. I even told her that if she wanted to try reconnecting with him after college graduation, then I would even try to set that up, but for now she probably needed to focus on herself.

Betty wasn’t having that. She wanted me to try and convince Ralph to get back together with her- talk to him about how cute a couple they were, remind him of how nice they were to each other, basically manipulate him into it.

Obviously, I don’t want to do this. Ralph and I have been close since we were 3. I call his parents “Mom” and “Dad” and he does the same to mine. I’ve been invited to his family parties. Me and his twin sister are best friends. I don’t want to risk what is essentially a part of my family by manipulating Ralph because Betty wants me to.

But here’s the other problem- Betty and I are going to the same college, for the same very small major. I don’t want to flat out tell her that doing it is manipulative and wrong because I’m afraid that would ruin our relationship and make things very uncomfortable. This isn’t how she normally is- she’s a very caring, gentle person, and I think she’s just really hurt right now and probably not thinking straight.

TL;DR: Betty is upset because of Ralph breaking up with her, and wants me to convince him to get back with her. How do I tell Betty I don’t want to manipulate Ralph to get back together with her without hurting our relationship? [SEP]
I am quite embarrassed that I'm even making this post but I (20F) have been with my SO (20M) for 2+ years. It's been a bit rocky the last few months as I feel we are very different & headed on different paths.

Anyways, today I went over to his place for a bit. He's a heavy smoker so today was a "holiday" for him, and his friends were busy at that hour so we hung out. I smoke rarely. He made a remark about me being like a "cheap stoner girlfriend" because I had the aesthetic of a stoner girlfriend but he doesn't have to pay for my weed, and for some reason this rubbed me the wrong way.

When I was leaving he looked a bit down and I asked what was up. He said he just had a "lame ass 4/20". This made my blood boil a bit because I felt like, what the fuck...sorry it was so ~lame~ to spend it with me. It offended me a bit and I was like well since it was so "lame" I'm leaving not wasting my time etc. and walked out.

The entire thing just felt so childish and immature. He claims he didn't mean it like that but like what else would it have meant?? Anyway. I am quite frustrated over this but am not totally sure how to feel.

TL;DR - I feel like my SO was being selfish and immature but I hope I am not overreacting. [SEP]
Hi I'm in a tough situations and looking for some feedback from both sides. My -not fiancee- M35 and I F31 currently have been together for 8 years. Started out on our late 20s. We have 2 children together, and he also has sole custody of 2 from a previous relationship. Mom isn't in the picture, and I think of them as my own.

Reader's digest version is. We got pregnant very quickly, before we knew each other well. Found out pretty early on he had/has some substance and alcohol abuse issues. He's on and off the wagon,struggling with stability,sobriety, adulthood. But we stick it through you know. About 9 months after 1st babe is born, we are pregnant again. Again he's on and off the wagon, but we are 2 kids deep, I'm committed to trying. So fast forward 3 more years of the same struggles, same old me sticking it out, TRYING to keep the family together.(there's a few separations, rehabs, OUI'S,general bs over this time)

We are now in our 30s. We buy a house. I stay home with kids, give up 401k, and all financial independence. Hes having a good sobriety stretch, providing for the family ect. I'm feeling confident. We have a crazy year of stress, house fires, baby mama goes MIA officially, but we keep swimming. He stays relatively sober. No more drugs other than weed, few minor slip ups drinking, even gets his licence back. We buy a new house, have new vehicles. Total level up in adilthood and life you know. Buys me my dream ring, I finally agree to marry him. We are in a good place. He's stable, I'm finally feeling at ease and confident in our relationship.Everything is right on point.

BAM find out our guys on Tinder. ON TINDER. (this is the second time he's made a profile) He's messaging girls making plans, but never goes through with them. Says it's just a game, gets lonely on night shift ect. I should note here, we are not a bad looking couple by any means and our physical relationship has always been FANTASTIC. No complaints. While we both have options, this should. not . be. happening. He is not some hard up man not getting it in at home. Just not the case. So clearly I'm horrified. Huge blow to my self esteem, any trust we have built, our friendship. Forget it. I take the rings off. Get out. I'm done. No more.. This guy spends like 5 days being extra helpful. Doing the most. Really ' showing he's changed' okay. IM almost buying it. But my heart hurts. Why am I not enough?

Day 5. Still don't have the rings on. Don't want them on. He doesn't like this. What will people think? Everyone will know. Total meltdown. Enter alcohol. Introducing kids seeing beligerent dad. He's got my keys. Can't leave. Banging on the car windows. Kids crying. This whole things a damn mess. Had to call the cops and get a ride with all 4 kids OUT. All night manipulation calls. NEXT day he sobers up some, come home. Nope not happening.

So he's out guys. We are back in. He's got a councelor,a sponsor, going to meetings. Coming to see kids for a few hours. He wants to re evaluate our situation in a month. Don't give up on him,don't give up on our family. I don't want to. Don't want to end our nearly decade long relationship. Our best friend status. Sure would be easier not to. Have no money to call my own. Stay at home remote teacher to our kids. Would be hard to squeeze a job in the soccer mom life we have built. I truly believe he loves me with all he's got. But he's a mess.

And what if that not enough? This is some pretty unforgivable stuff right? Has anybody made it out to the other side? What would you do? What's your experience with this? Anybody ever fixed anything this broke? Why would a sane person want to? Any feedback welcome. Seriously. This is what keeps me up at night.

TL;DR long term relationship with kids, end it or try to fix it. Again? [SEP]
My wife and I have been married for a little over a year now. We luckily squeezed in our wedding before Covid hit (unknowing that it would shut down the world). However, we've been living together for 2.5 years prior, and together for a total of 7.5 years.

Prior to the middle of last year, she never had a full-time job (student and part-time work). After graduating, she finally completed her licensee exams in her specific field that pays handsomely. But for the majority of our relationship, I was the financial provider for the both of us (and our dog).

For the 2.5 years that we lived together, I worked full-time, but had a flexible schedule (self-employed). My daily responsibilities included letting our dog out to potty, feeding the dog, and dropping the dog off to daycare. On the days I get the chance to come home early, I cook and prep dinner. Pick up our dog, walk her, feed her again, and all the hygiene things. (It sounds petty to list small things out, but at this point I'm thinking out-loud).

I never expect her to do anything around the house, besides pick-up after herself and the occasional laundry and dish washing. Occasionally, she makes me breakfast to take with me out the door (which I'm always grateful for).

Now with her working full-time, she leaves early and comes home almost exactly at dinner time. So that means either I'm cooking every dinner, or we'll have take-out. I've also been doing the laundry and dish washing, exclusively. This is all on top of my prior duties.



Now here's the problem:

I actually don't mind doing all these things. I'm very task-oriented, so knocking things off of a list is not a problem. However, she finds things to complain about, weekly, about "house projects" that only I can complete. I do my best to get to them on the weekend. Last week, I had to take a day off of work just to re-do our closet system (took all day).

Recently, I've been networking more (maybe once or twice a week for happy hour) to add investors to my portfolio and grow my business. So I haven't been making dinner as much. However, all the other duties are still being taken care of.

A few days ago, she said that I'm wildly unavailable. And something about that really pushed me over the ledge. I fell into a mental and emotional hole that I haven't felt in 10+ years. (I was diagnosed with manic depression then, but haven't really had major episodes since). Granted, I am going through a lot of mental stress from work, family issues (unrelated to our problems), and COVID. After hours of talking, we realized that we are just roommates now. We've had sex once in 6 months.

I told her that her expectations of me are a little too heavy for me to handle. But she says it's because I'm not putting in the effort and I'm not available. I truly believe that I am putting in the effort, though. I realized that I don't have the "intimate feelings" for her anymore because I'm afraid of "letting her down".

I suggested counseling, but she doesn't want to. I needed a third person's perspective.

I do understand that story is only coming from my perspective, so maybe I'm missing something? Feel free to ask any questions that there may be confusion about.

Thank you so much for reading! I appreciate any feedback.

TL;DR: I've fallen out of love with my wife because she makes me feel like I'm not enough, (or not doing enough) to make her happy. However, I believe I'm doing as much as I can. [SEP]

In my early twenties, I became terribly sick of being alone and hung out with just about anyone, even if I knew there wasn't something right about them, and it has led me to some really dark places. When I was in trouble, I realized no one was actually supportive of me, they were more than happy to see me fail. Really, how sickening. I really wondered if I thought too badly of people or if my standards were too high, but I realized my 'high standards' would have led me to hang out with the right people. I'm not perfect and had my toxic times as well but I don't certainly don't go out of my way in being jealous of people and gossip. Envy is the biggest sin, but the most difficult to identify.

If you've been through something similar, I'd really like to hear your story and any tips you have.

TLDR: recently realized I have no friends, how to surround myself with better people? [SEP]
I (22F) am having a very difficult time mustering up the courage to break up with my boyfriend (25). We have been together for two years and live together. I love him and hurting him is the last thing I want to do but long story short, in my heart I know we are both not happy and breaking up is the right thing to do.

My dilemma is that I seriously don’t know how to breakup. I suffer from anxiety and have never really been in this situation before. I have been feeling this way for months and I just don’t know how to bring the conversation up.

Any pointers would be so helpful [SEP]
I'm just... I dunno. We fight every week now because he snaps on me over small things. I posted in here a few days ago because he got mad at me for bumping into a pot on the stove (stove wasn't on) when he tried to put a cat treat in my face lol.

So, yeah, I just tried to initiate a conversation and asked if he still wanted to marry me, still wanted to be with me, still loved me, etc. It went south pretty quick and I'm pretty sure he just fell asleep.

So I think I'm gonna call for some space or a break. Not sure how to go about that, not sure if it'll make things worse? I just don't know what to do. I don't want to lose him but this is just getting worse and worse no matter what I try to do.

TLDR; what's the difference between needing space in a relationship vs taking a break and how do I go about it? [SEP]
I (21 F) am dating (24 M) for the past 9 months. In the beginning everything was going great, he was out going, only texted a few times a day (that is perfect for me because I am working two jobs and have online classes and a social life), and let me have my independence.

However, after the 6 month mark he started getting more needy. Asking to hangout with me when I was with a group of friends, asking to text about 10+ texts a day (and starting HUGE arguments about it every month about how if he was really a priority in my life I would text him more), crying if I raised my voice, which basically halted any discussion we were having, and asking me to always forgive his negative behavior saying "if you loved me you would let it go." There was still love and enjoyment intermingled in there so I decided to continue the relationship, but then our biggest fight happened.

We had argued twice that day before going to the bar with my friends but once we arrived he turned into the nicest boyfriend and was very amiable with everyone. Past 1 am when we returned to his place I was drunk, tired, and still upset about the way he treated me earlier. He wanted sex and I implied I was too tired and drunk (he was not drunk because he was the DD), so he told me to take my shirt off (no bra underneath) and proceeded to make out with me while I was falling asleep. Obviously I was not digging this and after a argument left to the living room. He angrily closed the door between us, and my drunk self with my infinite wisdom decided to hide in a closet. Eventually we went back to his bedroom (argument presumed) and apparently my arm twitched so he accused me of trying to hit him (I had both my hands under a blanket and clutching my leg). So all 5ft and 100 lbs of me stared as all 5'10 and160 lbs of him got up and stood over me to tell me at 2 am (with my car not there) "he didn't want me here." I started bawling and he then apologized.

The next morning he took me home, and I told him I wanted a week break to figure things out and for him to take some time too. Fast forward a week, he hasn't texted me in a few days and we agree to meet at a park. I fully think we are going to break up and prepare for it. But, he comes out looking glassy eyed, apologizes for everything, and agrees to work on himself so I do not end things.

So I am asking advice, (I do not really have people I can tell the full story too because we both come from a religious background and sex is usually unspoken about). Did I overreact? Should I have forgiven him? At what point do you admit your partner has crossed a line? What should I do to make this work (I'll admit it takes two to tango and my Italian family has made quick to yelling but NEVER physical violence or intimidation). I also like hearing about personal experiences as well!

TL;DR My boyfriend and I had our worst argument to date, and I worried I forgave him too quickly or overreacted. [SEP]
So, my boyfriend already has a kid. It’s an infant and the baby isn’t mine. Baby mom and boyfriend were never a couple and I regularly spend time with boyfriend and kid. That’s a really positive part of our relationship. My friends are all starting to have kids and I honestly LOVE being around kids, but it just isn’t the time yet. My boyfriend had mentioned how good I am with kids and how I’d be a good mom and even jokes sometimes about me stopping birth control so we can have kids. I’m always really adamant that I want to buy a house before I have kids, so I’m currently saving for a down payment.

Boyfriend and I are currently looking for apartments to live together for the first time and keep complaining to each other how much nicer it would be to live in a house and not an apartment and today I finally just said, “well if you wanted, you could help me save for the down payment and that would be less time that we’d have to live in a shitty apartment.” He TOTALLY froze and said that it was a lot to think about and that he had never considered buying a house. I backed off and told him no pressure, but am just so confused?? How can he casually/jokingly mention having kids, but totally shut down when I suggest buying a house? I feel so confused like I freaked him out!

TL;DR Boyfriend casually talks about kids with me and asks me if I want kids, but froze and shut down when I suggested we save for a down payment on a house today. [SEP]
First off this has nothing to do with numbers or anything. I’ve had my fair share of hookups in the past and so has she. I know a guy she hooked up with, actually I think he was her first. I used to guard him in basketball when our teams played each other, total dick, I even got in a fight with him once in a game. She told me he cheated on his gf with her and she didn’t know so it was understandable. What bugs me is she hooked up with him again even though she knew he had used her to cheat and it turns out second time he was once again using her to cheat on his new gf. This bugs me because to me it shows that she had no problem hooking up with a guy she knew had used her to make her a part of his cheating. Me personally if I knew I hooked up with a girl and it turns out she was cheating on her bf, I would never talk to her again because that shows she has some serious character flaws and I wouldn’t even want to associate casually with her. Before me and my gf were exclusive I had chances to get with 2 girls I knew who were somewhat in relationships, but I backed off because that’s a shitty thing to do and I can go find girls who aren’t involved with anyone. Like I said before I couldn’t give a damn how many dudes she’s dated or hooked up with, but the ethics of hooking up with a guy again after he already used her to cheat once, it doesn’t sit right with me. She’s a great girl, but I kind of want to talk to her about it. She was 18 at the time so I want to chalk it up to immaturity and insecurity because I want to keep dating her, but I’d like to understand her thought process at the time because she previously said she resented being used to cheat and her actions didn’t really say that. If I’m being ridiculous I’m willing to accept that and leave the past in the past. It just makes me worry we don’t have compatible views of sex and I’m pretty sex positive on everything save things related to cheating.

TL:DR GF hooked up with guy I know in the past, turned out he had a gf and she hooked up with him again when he had a new gf in spite of knowing that he previously used her to cheat, not sitting with me right. Might be overreacting [SEP]
e actually wasn’t my hygienist but an assistant. He took my X-Rays and stuff.

We’re both the same age (21) (Ik he’s young to work there) but it felt like we immediately hit it off and we’re both kind of nervous around each other?? Like he kept dropping stuff it was so cute. It was my first time going to this place.

Also I’m embarassed though cause he heard that my dental health isn’t as good as I thought it was (I blame covid ): My teeth are “perfect” but apparently my gums have an infection and i’m embarrassed lol, I swear i brush my teeth! But he probably thinks I don’t 😭 I wish he didn’t hear that part lol.

Idk we just seemed kind of flirty with each other and I want to see him again! I haven’t felt a connection like that in ages. I’m going back to deal with the weird infection i’m embarassed about in a week, if I see him should I do something? If so how?

Thanks!

tldr; I feel like my dental hygienist’s assistant and I were flirty with each other and I think he’s really cute, (but i’m embarassed he heard my gums aren’t healthy), should I ask him out when i go back to fix my gum issue? [SEP]
So I (F,28) have been with my bf (M, 28) for 2 years, we have been friends for longer. I love him very much. I found solace in him after breaking up with an abusive ex. Since then he’s proven his love and care for me over and over. He’s perfect in every way.

We both currently live at each of our parents house. We spent most of the pandemic apart like many people probably. We are both from cultural backgrounds where our parents would disapprove of our relationship (crazy I know). So we have kept it quiet and things have been amazing so far.

We decided to get an apartment together and tell our parents after the fact, so it gives us a place to escape from all their chastisement for our choices. My parents will be averse to me moving out, so it’ll just be him living there until I’m able to move using going to uni close by as a reason (even though it’s same city). When I ask my bf of our plan to let them know he says we will figure it out and not to ruin the present preoccupying my thoughts with that. We went to see our apartment today and I felt mixed emotions, afterwards I felt sort of sad knowing how although this gives us space it isn’t really my home until I’m transparent about my life. I’m feeling super isolated. I feel I should be happy that we’ve got space and some plans to spend more time together but deep down I feel sad that he’s not understanding I can’t be happy until there’s some transparency and I can live freely.

I do believe my parents will isolate me after I let them know but the idea of our plan being so vague and just being reduced to ‘figuring it out’ or ‘whenever your ready’ just leaves me unfulfilled. I just don’t feel at peace anywhere. I know it’ll be difficult for him cause his parents will give him a hard time as well.

TL;DR I’m feeling unsatisfied in my current situation and I don’t know how to fix it. I’m unsure if I should just ‘figure it out’ and enjoy the moment or I should ask him to plan what we are to do properly with taking steps to let both are parents know so we can live transparently and not lead double lives. Keeping in mind this will bring forth different challenges.

Thank you for reading Please be kind :( Your thoughts are welcome x [SEP]
I'm reaching out to reddit because I'm alone and don't have anyone to talk about this with.

Whenever something goes wrong and I had just a little bit to do with it, he'll say it's my fault. Example: one time I asked him to take a look at the doorknob because it looks crooked. He then proceeds to try and fix it but couldn't, but damaged it in the process because he got frustrated. Then he said I made him break the doorknob and said because this is my fault, I need to fix it myself. Another example: if I'm explaining something and he doesn't understand, he'll get frustrated and say I don't make any sense, instead of trying to understand what I'm saying.

Sometimes I get a little frustrated from these interactions and would start crying. Then he'll tell me to stop.

We've had talks about this before. I try to say that I feel sad when he gets mad at me. He says he can't help it if that's how he feels. The solution is for me to stop being so sensitive.

I've been trying to not let these things bother me but it's hard. Every time he gets mad I would hide and cry until I feel better. I don't feel like I can talk to him about it because he'll just tell me to stop. It happened again last night and I cried until this afternoon (hidden from his view). Please help, I don't know what to do.

Tl;dr: my husband thinks everything is my fault. When I'm sad he tells me to stop. How can I stop feeling sad? [SEP]
tldr: very serious relationship on stop for the time being, but just might not be forever...

hello fellow humans of reddit!! well there is no easy or right way to start this off so i guess ill try to give the most unbiased story about the situation i am in. i apologize in advance for jumpiness or holes in the story so feel free to ask for clarifications because this happened fairly recently. to start, been with a girl for about 3 years. been friends since 11 and started dating at 16. i know this sounds cringe and cliche, but we were much closer than most couples are at our age. although we always had feelings for each other, we fell hard for eachother junior year. a lot of this background information is insignificant so ill try to keep it short. we did absolutely everything together and she always told me how “im the love of her life and how she sees a future of marriage and family down the road” etc. etc. although this is fairly childish to be thinking about at a young age, we both very deeply believed in it. we did absolutely everything together.

i have had a very rough childhood and the majority of my peers and friends know this. she was there and helped me out of many holes i found myself in due to my dad being diagnosed with a fatal disease, my mother cheating, my parents getting divorced, and many family members dying. at the time we started dating i may or may not have been part of some illegal activities and ultimately cleaned my act up and got out of that life mainly for her. if it wasn’t for her, i could very well be in prison like a close friend of mine. not to mention near death experiences such as getting a gun stuffed in my face and robbed or horrible car accidents. i have had close friends die due to drug overdoses, car accidents, and even murder. she is the reason i stopped breaking the law and the reason i got clean and began succeeding in academics such as presidents list and getting accepted into a great university. her family treated me like a son and i actually worked for her brothers company for a long time. during this time her brother and i grew close. my family adored her as much as they adored me. my mother expressed to me many times how this girl seemed like the one for me in the long run even though we are very young, and she expressed how she has seen no other girl look at me the way this one does. she said we were meant to be together. my mother isnt one to sugar coat jack shit either she always tells me things how she sees them.

during our honeymoon phase our friendships with others suffered but we ultimately fixed this after we realized what was going on. she had to cut off some friends due to them either flirting with me or causing issues. we trust each other on a very real level and even share locations and would always post each other on social media like all couples do. at about the two year mark, we were at a wedding and got into multiple fights over stupid things. i was extremely intoxicated like everyone else there and it led me to making the worst decision or my life by dumping her at her brother’s wedding. there was no screaming match or anything dramatic, but by the next morning everyone had a gist that we were on a rough patch. i made this known to her how much i regretted it and how i didnt mean it etc. etc. and her family understood that this rough patch clearly wasn’t intended for the wedding and knew i had some personal problems going on so they never held a grudge against me for it. however, her oldest brother (not the one i used to work for) never looked at me the same way again and i don’t blame him for it. i broke his little sisters heart the night of his little brother’s wedding.

even though we fixed things up quickly after, the damage had been done. i did not go over her house unless no one was home because she was uncomfortable about the whole thing until i finally spoke with her dad in person at a job site which for sure eased some stress. he honestly seemed happy to speak with me after such a long time. although i didn’t see her family nearly as much as i used to. she continued to come over my house all the time but wasn’t sleeping over like she used to due to us being casual. we used to sleep over each others houses all the time. we ultimately got back together but decided to keep things slow and steady but still continued to do everything we normally did. i apologize for the jumpiness but i also forgot to mention we graduated high school together and are attending the same college. during this entire time including the “temporary break up” we always showered each other in expensive gifts and always attended each other’s family events and bought gifts for each other’s families. out of all my friends and hers combined, we were seen as an ever lasting couple and no one ever thought we would break up. it was surprising enough we began dating in the first place due to me being a “wild guy” and her the “innocent school girl”.

we both agreed to go into college together with realistic expectations despite our past discussions of our entire future together and having a family of our own. recently after my 19th birthday i noticed her delving into sadness that i have never seen her succumb to before. after many attempts at trying to talk (which 9/10 times she always opens up to me) she finally admitted how she was depressed about the thought of me finding another girl in college even though we go to the same college, and that she is never happy unless i am with her. this was heartbreaking for me to hear and she admitted how she always thought her problems were so insignificant to the issues i have had to face in my own life. i stressed to her that anything she cares about, i do too.

after multiple long and heart throbbing conversations, we decided that it would be best for both of us to go into college single. i believe she needs to be more independent and become happy with herself instead of only being happy with me. this conversation wouldn’t have come as soon as it did if i hadn’t addressed it but it was pretty much a mutual agreement. we have since taken each other off most social media although i am still tagged in some instagram stories and we both posted each other on snapchat just a week ago. we still send photos to friends when we find ourselves meeting up. we still talk via multiple social media platforms and facetime, but we are officially single. unlike the usual “30 day no contact period” we went a few days without speaking to allow us to calm down and focus on what happens next. this hurts me just as much as it hurts her. we ended things with saying “if you love something set it free, if it comes back to you its yours, if it doesn’t, it never was”

the other day i dropped off a nice basket of flowers and gifts including a very heartfelt letter. we still meetup every now and then which usually leads to sex, but we still deeply care for one another regardless of that. although this happened fairly recently, we both say how the thought of each other with a different partner is gut wrenching and horrible to think about. neither of us are pursuing a new partner anytime soon, but we all can agree how college is... we also still share locations although im unsure of how long this will last. i am not trying to ramble more than i already have, but we both share the same ambitions, values, and hobbies. i am basically asking for advice, opinions, and brutal honesty about whether or not you personally believe we will get back together in the future. just last night we went to sleep on face time together. we still continue to help each other with school work (some of the same classes) as well. i understand we are young and nothing is set in stone, but we have never fought over anything major besides the wedding bullshit and are always stronger and better than ever after any conflict. [SEP]
I went to a restaurant and met the friends of this guy I really like, quite frankly I have Never met a guy I find more perfect than him and I really don’t think I ever will, I love absolutely everything about him, but my social anxiety made me quiet and awkward, I’m aware I’m about a 7/10 on the attractive scale and that he thought I was pretty but I get so anxious I litterally shake and mess up my sentences when I’m talking and then start apologizing for it making it worse, I’m already a loner and have few friends and nothing to contribute to any conversation, today he rejected a request to hang out, and I can tell he is extremely uninterested in me and I think he’s only talking to me because he feels bad, this is really painful and I don’t know why I have this much trouble getting over rejection, I feel like curling up in a ball and just disappearing until we both forget it ever happened, but even then I still feel sad that I got an opportunity but couldn’t succeed in making it work, I feel like part of the problem is that I’m in college and just moved into an apartment on my own and it’s just really bad timing

Tl:dr I’m having trouble interacting socially because I get overwhelmed in my feelings so much that I can’t think/talk normally, and rejection seems abnormally painful [SEP]
Crazy story, Hear me out.

I met two awesome people on a Minecraft server. I won't disclose their names, but let's call one R and the other one G. We played together so much, till it got to the point where we wanted to meet in-person. I lived in TX, while they lived in GA. After 2 months of playing, I took a Plane to meet them. They were cool & everything, I had a crush on R. She claimed to like me as well. We were very flirty over the phone & everything. But when we met, it just wasn't like that. Idk if it was because of me not making my move (I'm a shy person), or she just was totally different in person, than online. After having fun, I went back home. I noticed how she was very flirty & a very touchy/clingy person to all her friends, even males. She was with me, which kind of confused me whether she liked me or was just friendly.

I visited them again for Halloween & New Years. Me, G, and R all got super close and were a 3-way friend group. But Me & R were even closer. I really grew a huge crush on R. We linked so well on everything we did. We were like in a relationship without labels. It was just perfect. I let myself slip and grew an attachment for her (big mistake). We even agreed on all 3 of us going to the same college, and planned to live together during college. I liked GA & they made it better so I agreed.

R offered me to live with her before college to get to know GA and get my documents for the state and stuff. I agreed. So then I began living with R. This is were things started going for the worse.

R & I had a good relationship while living together, the first week or so was perfect. Once again, we were super close and I had strong feelings for her. I wanted to make her my gf. I think she knew this because we both talked about how we liked each other and stuff way back. After a while, I'm not sure if we grew tired of each-other, but she would disrespect me and stuff, I kind of would just let it happen because I liked her. (forgot to mention this "disrespect" has been going on since we met, I just never paid attention to it.) I also started seeing how she would act and talk in to manipulating me to buy something for her. I also saw how she would act different with me around other people. She was kind of toxic. It was concerning but I just let it slide, because I liked her. I'm not trying to play victim, but some of the stuff she said really hurt me. I also envied her a little, because she had a caring and loving family, but I didn't, so it was hard to fit in. I was always kind of out of the picture even though they claimed me as family. But that's besides the point.

So, me & R were still close and I still loved the way she made me feel when she gave me affection. I honestly was getting ready to tell her how I truly felt about her till I woke up one morning to her "friend" coming through the door and going to her room. I was JELAOUS. Turns out this was her CRUSH. She didn't say anything about him or him coming over. I just took a shower and when I got out he left. I asked R who that was and what yall do. She said that's her crush and they made out in her room.

At that moment I was internally broken. I didn't show it but It felt like someone shot me. I realized I made everything up in my head. I guess she didn't like me and just saw me as her "brother" or "best friend." couple days later, I canceled our future plans and I left without giving a clear explanation. I went back to Tx. Then I ghosted both R and G.

I was lost for days, I'm still a little lost to this day. But I eventually ended up talking to them again, and talking to them about why I left. I never said the real reason, just said because of "work" or I didn't feel "comfortable."

Despite of how it seems that they moved on quickly, R said that I hurt her because I left her when she needed the me the most. I left her when she gave me the opportunity to live with her (Which I appreciate) & that I disrespected her family. She told me I was the person she has ever been closest with in her life.

After she told me all this, I felt guilt because I ruined a what seemed a true friendship and get the feeling of going back. I feel like I should've been patient and see how it went instead of letting my emotions run my actions. I felt like I did her wrong despite of how I felt. We were so close and had a whole plan for the future. So I'm asking, did I do the right thing of leaving? Should I have been more patient? Should I have been clear of how I felt from the start? Should I have just never lived with her? Pls share opinions.

TL;DR! I met (18F) R and (18F) G online. I went to visit them IRL and grew Romantic feelings for R. After visiting them multiple times, all 3 of us made plans of going to the same college and me living with R before college because I was closer with R. Despite how R treated me, she had a crush on someone else. I found out, couldn't handle it and left back home. I ghosted them and R told me how she truly felt about me. I get the feeling of guilt and question whether I did the right thing by leaving. [SEP]
tl;dr Needing advice on how to rebuild trust between a husband and wife.

To summarize, my wife (31) and I (38) are in avery bad place in our marriage. She cheated on me (nothing physical mind you) by talking to other men over social media and hiding it from me. This isn't the first time she's done this either. But after talking and crying it out, we decided to stay together. Communication is really bad between us. Neither of us really knows how to open up to each other and talk about problems without it ending in a fight. Which brings me to MY screw up. After I confronted her about her infidelity, I installed a data tracker on my laptop to monitor what data was being sent and received through our home's router. (Peace of mind in case she ever lied to me again). I confronted her again with some concerns I had and it blew up into a huge fight because I was tracking data in our home. We're both at our limits and we both still love each other. But how do we go about rebuilding trust between the two of us? [SEP]
Hi all, this is my first post..

I went on 5 dates with this guy, Rodey. He put in a ton of effort until date 3 and then after that, I noticed that he pulled back. However, he continued to reach out and text me.

So I asked him where he was at (via text) and he apologized for his behavior saying that he really likes me and knows he needs to make more of an effort to keep this going, but isn't ready to commit to anything right now. I don't have it in me to stay with someone who isn't making an effort, so I politely suggested he take some time for himself. He agreed and said "I'm really sorry that I'm not sure what I want right now, it sucks because I really like you".

Anyways, I know what you're going to say but I really like this guy. My questions are:

Do we think he actually has some other stuff going on behind the scenes (ex gf, mental health, etc.) or is he just not interested?

Was giving him space the right move?

Do you think he'll reach back out?

Edit: **Is it possible I didn't give him enough time to figure out what he wants?



Specifically interested in hearing from a guy's perspective.

tl/dr: should you give a guy time to figure out what they want or is giving them space the best move? [SEP]
My girlfriend of 6 years broke up with me because I didn’t move in with her. She said I waited too long. We were previously long distance during college and she moved back home right before the pandemic started.

We talked about moving in together but within two weeks of us talking about it seriously, she had to move out due to other issues and find her own place immediately. I was thrown for a loop and was really nervous about everything going so quickly from only seeing each other once a week or every other week to now living with each other 24/7. I still wanted to move in eventually, but when I couldn’t find a job due to COVID so I worried how we were going to afford a place and also that she’d quickly get sick of me and she would break up with me a short time - only to be locked into a lease.

I love her so I agreed to get a place because she needed a place to stay and I couldn’t risk her living with me and my older parents as I worried about her still going into work and risking getting my parents sick.

I needed a while to get my own belongings together and hopefully find a job. After a month things got really bad and the whole state shut down, leaving me without any options and really down.

I kept trying and trying to get my life on track, admittedly taking for granted how badly she wanted me to move in.

After months I knew she was upset but I was getting paranoid and nervous she was regretting being with me so I pulled back because I didn’t want to make her upset.

It all came crumbling down when she said she wanted a break up because I wasn’t committed to her and taking our relationship to the next level. I tried to tell her I wanted to move in together but it was hard dealing with my own problems and my fear she would think of me as some unemployed loser on the couch all day.

Is there anything I can do or did I just really mess up?

Tl;dr: My ex said I hadn’t moved in soon enough and felt I was afraid of commitment, what can I do to better explain or show that wasn’t the issue? [SEP]
My girlfriend and I matched on Tinder and she lives 1.5 hours away. We primarily see each other on weekends which hasn't been an issue so far since we both don't mind driving.

We have many things in common, and both feel a very strong/unique connection that we have not experienced before. That being said, the only barrier we face is that we are 1.5 hours apart. She lives in a big city, and I live in a small town. Career-wise it makes more sense for me to move closer to her, but I'm super attached to my hometown.

I get strong vibes that she expects me to leave all of my intangible assets that have taken a lifetime to build (friends, family, sense of community, lifestyle, etc.) and eventually move closer to her permanently. If we both have strong feelings for each other though, we both need to make sacrifices to make things work. I think living somewhere in the middle is a reasonable solution.

I don’t feel the need to bring it up just yet, but I think it’s something we should eventually talk about. This is my first girlfriend and I’m at a loss as to how to discuss this issue without damaging our relationship. I want to take things slow and I’ve been just going with the flow. Any advice is welcome.

TLDR: Very strong mutual connection with SO, but I sometimes feel we are going in different directions in life due to our distance. [SEP]
So for as long as I can remember, I have this pet peeve about using other people's blankets, sheets, pillows, towels, etc. I cant do it unless they're clean. Like straight outta the washer and dryer clean. I dont know what it is but I can't stand using other people's bedding or other people using mine.

This is only my second relationship, and my first in almost 5 years. The last one wasn't that hard to deal with cause due to her racist mom I never slept over. And due to my super uptight prudish mom she never came over to mine. So we stayed at motels a lot

But im in a place now I can bring people over and stuff. But I dont know how to bring this up to my gf without being or coming off weird I dont want to weird her out first time we have sex in my bed and the first thing I do is rip all the bedding off and put it in the wash

Tl;dr have a big pet peeve about using other peoples or other people using my bedding. Have no idea how to reveal this to new gf without weirding her out [SEP]
So me and this guy have been friends for about 1 year but stopped talking to each other because he confessed that he liked me and I had a boyfriend. I am not in a relationship anymore and reached out to him because I wanted to hang out ( really didnt have any feelings for him kinda maybe wanted a Fwb) we caught up and hung out and turns out I really like him way more than a friend. It so strange because I am literally enamored by him and I cant tell if my hormones are jsut going crazy because I havent been single in so long or what. I told him that and he said he liked me to but think we should take things slow because I just got out of a relationship.



Backstory he has a kid and seems to be very active in his family like so he doesn't text me as often as I would like. He would take hours to text me back which I guess isn't that hard to believe because when we hangout he didn't look at his phone once. I told him we shouldn't text anymore because its driving me crazy that he is so bad at it.



We planned to meet up tonight and I haven't heard from him in days... Should I just assumed I am being ghosted? This situation is so weird and childish to me. In my experience if a guy likes you he makes it obvious and will be prompt with text messages and plans.. I don't trust him because he says he likes me but his actions say otherwise. I suspect that he either has a girlfriend that he isn't telling me about or he really doesn't like me as much as he says he does. The reason I didn't ask him is because the subject changed and I forgot to ask him.



He is very kind and he's the type of person to makes you feel safe and heard whenever you are speaking. He is also crazy funny and caring. I am leaving a lot out about this whole situation but this is basically it

I am embarrassed how childish this seems but I need an outsiders point of view. Reddit .. what do you think? Do you think he possible has a girlfriend? Do you think he can sense how sad and desperate I am? I dont know....... Please be kind [SEP]
My brother (will call him Sam) has been an addict to something for most of his life. Whether its been from alcohol, cocaine, meth, vicodin, xanax or any combination of those, he's always had something to keep him from dealing with past trauma in a healthy and constructive way.

My family was (and still is) unbelievably dysfunctional, decades of conflict, but Sam is the only one who is majorly dependent on some kind of substance to get through life. I don't blame him or carry any resentment towards him because what we went through as kids fucked us up beyond belief. I know how badly he's hurting inside.

I know this is not some unique case and many, many people have been through the same thing and much worse but the rest of my family and I truly don't know what to do. He lies constantly about his situation to tug on heart strings in order to get money from people. We've all helped him financially too many times to count but he's always needing more for one reason or another: "someone hacked my bank account", "someone stole my car", person x/y/z "kicked me out of their house", " I don't get paid until next Friday and I don't have any money, I'm out on the streets, plz". There's hundreds more like this.

He lives in a different state than the rest of the family so it's impossible to know where he's at or what he's actually doing, and he uses the past family-related trauma and his current 'this happened to me so I need money' situation to guilt trip whoever it is he's asking for money to give him more.

We've all caught him his lies so many times before that it's impossible to know when he's genuinely in a dire situation or if he's just trying to get some extra money to blow at the casinos or on drugs/alcohol. He's cut corners whenever possible his whole life and refuses to go to rehab or therapy. He lashes out and says the most hurtful shit you could possibly imagine if he doesn't get what he wants. Swimming pools of tears shed by my whole family trying to navigate the anxiety, stress and sadness we feel trying to figure out what to do, and for him in general.

I love my brother dearly but I've almost cut him out of my life because of all the times I've tried to help and be there for him, but he inevitably finds a way back into it through my mom or another family member who's heartbroken and asking for advice on what to do when they get hit up for money. He's talked about suicide in the past and I'm terrified that he'll one day end up going through with it. I feel like I'd live with a tremendous amount of guilt always thinking I could have done more if that were to happen.

I'm sorry if this post was all over the place. It's the first time I've reached out for help like this and trying to condense everything was difficult. If anyone has any suggestions/advice/guidance I'd be incredibly grateful.

TL;DR: My brother is an addict, narcissist & pathological liar who guilt trips and manipulates those around him into giving him what he wants. Family is majorly conflicted about helping but love him and want the best for him, just don't know what to do. [SEP]
Okay, so three months ago, I got out of an extremely toxic relationship with my ex and since then, have developed an anxiety and fear of diving back into the game, due to psychological scarring. Yet, recently I found myself developing feelings for a close friend of mine, who has been there for me through all the trauma and been extremely supportive.

He's so sweet and kind, but every time I try and muster up the courage to ask him out or say anything more than basic platitudes to him via text, I have flashbacks to my ex and what he has put me through and end up deleting the message.

I don't want him to think I'm leading him on, but I also know I'm not yet ready to commit to a relationship again either. Like, I know deep down that he is the right one for me. I know that we have that emotional connection with one another and enjoy the same hobbies. We also both love to write stories and talk about ideas we have. His parents adore me as well and I often babysit his younger sister when he's at work and his parents are out.

What should I do? How do I tell him about my feelings, without making it appear as if I am leading him on?

TL:DR: I escaped a toxic relationship and think I found the perfect guy, but emotional scars are preventing me from pulling the trigger. I don't want to lead him on either. What should I do or say? [SEP]
Nearly three months ago my wife and I separated. We’d been together for almost six years and got married last October; the marriage fell apart relatively fast and I found out she’d been cheating.

I had intended on staying single for a while to concentrate on my children and myself. Things changed once we hired a new girl at work [26F], her and I connected almost instantly. She also just exited a three year relationship so we’re in a somewhat similar situation. We’ve both expressed that we’re not quite ready for a relationship with each other and we both agree that we like where things are going and the potential for one in the future. Honestly, it feels like we’re already in a relationship that neither of us are admitting to. We text a lot, we’ve gone on dates, it’s been intimate…

Here’s where I am struggling internally. I thought I wasn’t emotionally ready for a relationship but I am finding myself second guessing that because I have begun to have feelings for her. I find myself wanting to be there for her more than I should be, and these feelings are intimidating and unexpected. Sometimes I feel like I need to retract myself from the situation to stop myself from falling for her more. I’ve even considered telling her that it has to stop, but I don’t because I don’t want to ruin a good thing; doing so would just be an attempt to protect my feelings. I have my guard up and yet at the same time I am making myself vulnerable to someone who’s in a similar position that I am in; this is creating a lot of hesitation and anxiety.

She’s amazing, we’re super compatible, and have a great time together. The timing for all of this is both fortunate and unfortunate.

TL;DR: Im recently separated, met an amazing girl who is also fresh out of a relationship. We both want more but the timing on how everything is panning out makes things complicated. [SEP]
I've been with my husband for 24 years now, and things have been pretty much good; we've got a 16-year-old daughter, Paige (not her real name).

I found out via Instagram about my husband's affair as I've got a dummy account there just for following certain companies, I found this woman, Sabrina (not her real name) who has a small Instagram feed when I followed a hashtag for a sports car, and there was a picture of her in a bikini with my husband cuddling her, it was taken on her driveway. It said:

Been with my man OVER 20 years now. Our relationship ROCKS!!

Then there were photos of him wearing her Calvin Klein / Victoria's Secret lingerie and Adidas sports bras on the NSFW Instagram. It was embarasing and brazen tio see.

I confronted my husband the same day, and he admitted flat out, he'd been with Sabrina since March 1998 and they'd met in secret, he'd met her when on business trips etc. and also had sex with her in our house when I'd been working during the day (I'm a businesswoman).

He said Sabrina fulfilled the sexy side that I couldn't give him, I fulfilled the romantic side.

I'm worried how this will affect my daughter, not just me; I've not got that many friends here, to be honest, moved here in 2017.

This is worrying and upsetting me, I'm probably gunna have to divorce, this won't be able to work any more for our relationship.

I'm seeking out a divorce attorney soon, but finding a good one is the problem.

I'm wondering what other unsettling secrets my husband has aside from the affair and cross-dressing.

How can I cope emotionally and not get over stressed?

---

TL:DR; Husband's affair since 1998. [SEP]
Hi! Short story is that I have a lot of male based hobbies including motor riding, gaming, woodwork and drinking beer. My girlfriends (2) often are too busy or don't have the energy or are with their SO to hangout + I always have to initiate it. With my guy friends we just hang and play some games or watch movies and do stuff that my female friends would never initiate.

Now I hear that having a lot of guy friends is a red flag to men. That I would sleep with them and keep them for attention, but I don't. I've had boyfriends and never cheated on any of them. My friends I've known since I was 14 and often have girlfriends themselves, but they sometimes get jealous and then it just gets awkward because I dont want anything else than just have a friend you can kill time with (not for sex or anything else)

So is it a bad thing to have guy friends as a girl? Because it's starting some insecurities and I'm starting to question myself because of these comments.

TL;DR I have guy friends because of my hobbies and I like the hangouts more than with my gifriends because I always initiate and its getting exhausting. Is this a red flag and if so, how do I fix this? [SEP]
Two weeks ago, my best friend I met through the Internet in late 2017 —I'll will call him "A"— sent me a pretty abrupt message to tell me that he couldn't handle me anymore, without context. I apologized in a very confused answer, saying that I would try to change my behavior, because A meant a lot to me. He didn't react to this. Time flied a bit and I managed to calm myself down, however he sent me another texts in the afternoon saying that he was considering not talking to me anymore. "Because of your ideas, your personality and your moral values", he told me. Well, as you can imagine, it was something I couldn't handle and my first reaction was to block him everywhere. I know, I am not proud of that, but it seemed like it was a way to protect myself. Unfortunately, it probably made things worse.

Almost a week past, I discussed with another friend [20M] about it and I even went to my therapist to tell him the story, and I must admit that I was pretty sure I could handle it by myself. I went the day after that in my friend's PMs, I apologized for blocking him and being immature. I was feeling great until he replied that he already forgot me and that he was ashamed to talk to me. It might seem like a running gag, a very unfunny running gag, but I blocked him —again— because his answers were so cold and finished to crush my heart.

I went through a lot of hard times in my life that are kinda difficult to imagine for a child —I was diagnosed with a cancer a few months before I met A, spent a lot of time at hospital and many other things I cannot disclose, so you might imagine that it would be trivial matters to me. Well, I thought I was as strong when it comes to relationships as when it comes to beat cancer and it seems that it isn't the case.

We were working together since January on a translation of a game, with several people coming in the team. I naturally choose to distance myself from the project in order to avoid dramas, but A refused to reintegrate me in it, even if I had —and still have— very good relationships with the members. Now he even fears that I might try to destroy the project —even though I told him that it was something valuable to me, and even told one of my the members that I was, well, "mentally ill". I just want to add that I eventually explained everything to the other members the story —or at least my part of it— because I felt I lied to them —they thought that I left because I was anxious about things IRL.

You might assume that I hate A after all of this. I do a bit, because I feel like I have been betrayed after all this time, which is somewhat understandable. However, I still want to talk to him because I sincerely miss him and because I know he probably didn't meant to hurt me. I know that I had bad reactions to his messages and that I sometimes behaved badly to him, especially when I was complaining to him without seeing something essential : he's human too and he cannot handle everything. Something I really regret is missing the moments where he probably tried to ask me for help —especially this particular moment after I cried in voice chat in March, when he told me that he was exhausted of losing his empathy because of the project and that he wanted to stop everything. Those words are haunting me today.

A was a great person who had always been there for me when I needed help, and he was so important that I even had a crush on him for a very long time. Recently, he was cold with me, responded to a few of my messages when he didn't ignore me completely.

Those events were probably bond to happen, after all this time. Something valuable I learned from life is that there will always be tough times, but it never last an eternity. I'm someone impulsive, subject to severe anxiety and I cannot move on easily. Even if I probably depreciate myself a lot, I'm lucid on my flaws as a person. Despite this, I feel like a part of me has been removed and that I lost one of the best person I ever met. It makes me suffer a lot, I can't stop thinking about it, and it even went out of control those last days with a very violent panic attack. Should I just move on? Or should I wait until A and I could communicate again in good terms, even if it need —a lot of— time?

I apologize if some part of the story are written poorly, English isn't my native language and stress doesn't help. I tried to put everything relevant here. Thanks for reading everything.

TL;DR: My best friend cut ties with me after a long friendship in a way that is probably not okay, but I cannot move on because he means a lot to me and I'm feeling guilty because of my poor communication skills and for worsening the problem after an attempt to resolve the problem. [SEP]
My fiancé (m28) and I (f38) have been together for 3 years. Since I’ve know him he has been a massive flip flopper when it comes to decisions. It’s hard for me to ride the wave of ups and downs as he ‘processes.’ Additionally, his thoughts tend to be extreme. For example, he found a dog he wanted to adopt on Saturday and confirmed with the shelter that we’d take it. We discussed the pros & cons heavily and by Sunday he decided he would be fine with the financial burden & lack of freedom. Monday turned into a discussion about how he doesn’t make enough, we don’t have enough money for a dog or children and was paralyzed by the fear. By Tuesday he said we’re getting the dog AND a PlayStation 5 (both cost $500.)

These drastic swings in decisions and mindsets make me feel a lot of ways. First, I feel crazy discussing it with him because it’s confusing and I wonder if I’m misunderstanding him or can’t keep up with his ever changing mentality. Secondly, it makes me incredibly nervous that one day were financially destitute in his eyes, enough so to not consider having children, and the next day he can afford a PS5 and a dog.

This has come up in many ways during our relationship, specifically around if he wants to get married or not. He always comes around, makes a decision and sticks to it but the up and down is starting to wear on me.

The biggest issue above all is when I try to talk to him, he gets defensive, blaming & annoyed. I ask if he can see how back & forth he can be. I ask to consider what he wants so we can make decisions together. I try to explain how it feels for me. But it tends to just shut down or turn into a big fight.

What are some good ways of navigating this? Any suggestions for how to approach it in a productive way? A side note is he has been diagnosed with ocd & add so I’ve been patient with the indecisive nature as I’m sure they’re somehow linked to his mental health.

TL; DR: Fiancé (28m) is very indecisive and thinks in huge extremes which impact my (38f) life directly and its starting to wear me out. [SEP]
I've discovered that my husband had spent HOURS talking to someone online, he'd ignored chores, cookery, yardwork to talk to them, wouldn't let me know who it was, until I discovered an email from a "Kayla" on our shared email, who apparently is a backing dancer, and she said she's coming to our house THIS WEEKEND!! She lives in LA, we're in Chicago, well, 40 minutes drive from there.

I asked my husband what this was about and he insisted "It's new friends for us, it was meant to be your surprise! I told her about us that i was married, it's not an affair".

He feels angry and complained I was a killjoy.

But why would he spend all his time talking to this woman, unless he's having an affair?

He claims she can get us into new social activities post-coronavirus and we can do the same, and that it'll stop us getting into a boring 9-5 rut when things settle down.

I'm concerned, why a backing dancer who's worked with big names? Is he too starstruck.

This woman is coming here to our house this weekend, should I try and stop this, or stop being an ungrateful bitch?

Maybe I'm just being too suspicious, but wouldn't you be if you had a husband who was constantly talking online and ignoring yardwork, chores, bills etc. for this?

What do you think the real story is - affair?

I'm just confused over the whole thing.

--------

TL:DR; Husband made new online friend and says she's coming to meet us this weekend. [SEP]
I've been with my wife Jacqueline for 13 years now, we've been married for 4 years in total.

On Monday night I found her wearing one of my business suits (I'd come in from going the supermarket) and taking a selfie in the mirror and asked her what she was doing; she claimed "This is the real me, I'm not the girl who wears sexy lingerie and bikinis anymore, uuggh, bikinis make me feel ill, I'm gunna get rid of most of my croptops, booty shorts, bikinis, vest tops, dresses, sports bras, get some more suits, jumpers, leggings. I ain't trans, and this is me, y'know, like Elsa sung in that fucking Frozen movie. There ain't no-one else involved, I still love and wantcha."

The reason for it was more than just dressing up for a joke, though, far more serious as you can see above.

[SEP]
Pretty much what the title says. My girlfriend just found out today that her mom has some manner of cancerous complication, and is going to need to have an organ removed. We've not really been dating too long, just a few months, but I think we're already real close. Not physically tho, thanks to Covid restrictions, so we're kind of at a distance atm, and that makes it harder to be there in any meaningful way.

I let her know that yknow, I was here to support her 100% and everything, and anything she needed, day or night, she could call on me. She kinda brushed it off and didnt seem super keen to get into it, which is absolutely fair and reasonable. I'm not sure where she is with the news atm, but she seems to be taking it pretty well. I just wondered if anyone had any like, first hand experience or advice or tips on how to be supportive in this situation ? Other than just giving her space, which might be what she needs anyway. Any input appreciated !

tl;dr just looking for some advice on being supportive long distance [SEP]
I've come to the conclusion that I can't advance in my job because of office politics. I work for an advertising firm in Boston. They're young and upcoming. A Millenial based company who primarily hires youth (1st red flag). They're a very progressive company that is very politically heavy, I try not to play too much into politics for the good of my own self preservation as well as a positive office. But it feels like I am being mistreated despite my otherwise impressive sales/presentation rate, I'm overlooked for promotion and don't feel I get the respect I deserve in favor of others who have less impressive sales numbers and results than I do.. Also worth mentioning I am one of only 3 white men employed by this company (1 is gay). I'm an open minded guy and am very accepting. I treat everyone with the same respect and follow the guidance and advice from my superiors (all of which are female) but I can't stop feeling as if I'm being mistreated and undervalued just for being who I am. Is this something to try to pursue action against or should I try to find another job?

TLDR: I feel I'm being mistreated and not promoted mainly due to the politics of the company I work for [SEP]
I'm a mid-20s F. My cousin is a late teens/early 20s M who did something pretty stupid but not really that bad in the grand scheme of things imo and now he's in prison. We haven't seen each other in several years, even before this happened, because I was living on the other side of the country. We've never been really close--probably saw each other a couple times a year growing up etc.--but I can't stop thinking about him/wondering if he's ok. Because it's been a long time I still think of him as this sweet kid. I want to write him a letter and see how he's doing but I keep second-guessing myself and not knowing what to say. Would it be weird because we haven't talked in a long time?

For those of you that have had incarcerated family/friends, what did you do?



tl;dr Any tips on beginning writing to an incarcerated family member? [SEP]
TL;DR are my parents having an effect on me and my relationships based on our own

Basically since I was younger, until now, I’m nearly 17, my parents have made me kiss them goodnight and goodbye etc. A few weeks ago I had my first kiss with my girlfriend of 3 months. Let’s say it was a prolonged peck. But to be completely honest it was a bit underwhelming, considering the fact I’ve been trying to build confidence myself to do it but she beat me to it. I’d say it was a little strange and confusing because I’m so used to do it meaninglessly with my parents and it was the exact same thing except extended by a little more time. So I’m wondering, by me having to do this with my parents all the time, as well as my grandparents, has it numbed the feeling, which would have been completely different if I just don’t kiss anyone?? [SEP]
My husband told me that he's wanted to visit Germany for a long time, and wanted to do a trial run of living there, said he'd convince his boss about getting a sinecure job over there representing his company (who have no presence there) and that he wanted our kids to see more of the world, said living in Kansas City was probably limiting them. (Missouri side, not Kansas...). I should add, he and his boss get on very well, they're good friends, it's not a huge company he works for, more a mom-and-pop company with 450 employees in two states, one in Texas, one here in Missouri. So that's 200 employees per office.

I work as a hairdresser (but I freelance between salons, two or three), my husband works in IT/data security, he's been doing so since 2009 when the recession was still in full swing.

Been with my husband since I was 25, but only been married for 3 years.

I haven't travelled much, other than to Mexico, Italy and Canada, so have limited experience.

He's told me he's intent on staying within the American expat bubble there, but enjoying the local area's food culture and beer halls (he's always been a foodie and is teaching our kids how to cook.).

Don't get me wrong, his idea is good, but when you're a mom of two kids, it's less practical.

He's already started looking up visas and basic German (he wants to know enough to get by). He thinks he could get a work visa for company transfers, but would that even work?

I think he's over-romanticizing things and that's where our conflict is.

Money isn't so much of an issue, we live in a good neighborhood, our kids are in good schools, even with COVID etc., but I'm worried things could change very, very quickly. I probably couldn't even get a job!

I asked him why Germany, and he said it'd be a nice place to live, he said he'd learnt basic German from 2003-2008 as a hobby. He thinks he could have the best of both worlds seeing things like a local and spending time within the American expat bubble and working for his company in some sort of sinecure role as a transfer!

He said he'd visited way back in August 2002 with family and really enjoyed it, said that it was a good place to live in, and said that it's like a USA-lite in some ways.

I'm well aware there's a large amount of American expats in Germany - Wikipedia says it's around 300,000.

But I think my husband's got so caught up with the idea he can't think about it sensibly.... and that's the problem.

Normally, he's not like this, but I suspect his passion for the idea is the main problem.

He thinks I could get a job working as a hairdresser within the American expat community here if there's a role going.

Won't there be loads of red tape/bureaucracy etc. jsut to even get there?

Am I really so wrong as to try and be concerned rather than killing this?

What would be the REALITY of living in Germany for us; any Americans living or working there now want to tell me about it so I can show him?

He seems to think we could still get American Amazon Prime over a VPN rather than German ones and would be able to still get the foods we love.

I'm concerned about this because he doesn't seem to have thought how it'd affect me or the kids... he's not this selfish usually.

COVID's also going to stop this probably, but he's thinking mid-2022.

I think this is wanderlust because he's not got to see the country as fully as he'd liked to... his visit in 2002 was quite short.

What I need advice with is... if he really wants to do this, what should be considered? [SEP]
Hey everyone... I've been with my girlfriend for almost a year right now. I am 27 years old, she is 25 years old. After 8 months of us been together, she caught me looking on Instagram at other half-naked women and she is really upset about it at a point where she wants to break up with me...

I feel really bad about this situation because I truly love her and I want to be with her. I don't understand why she believes that looking at other half-naked women is considered cheating towards her. I never had any intentions with those girls on Instagram, never liked any of those pictures and for sure wasn't in my intentions to follow them.

I am also super upset about Instagram showing in the explorer feed all these women without my permission...

My girlfriend kept asking me "Why do you this if you love me?" and I kept telling her that it was out of curiosity and boredom but she just doesn't get it.

I understand that I made a mistake...even gave her my Instagram passwords to keep checking my Instagram if she wants as there's nothing suspicious towards my side and also I personally deleted Instagram as it has been ruining my life and relationship.

I just want advice on how to approach this as my girlfriend is telling me that she will never be the same with me, I disrespected her, It hurt her a lot and I pushed her back with these actions.

It's a bit ironic because I never had any intentions on some stupid Instagram photos, I never cheated, I was never interested in other women and all this story just for some stupid photos which are not even real...

What should I do? [SEP]
My sister and her ex dated for about 6 years. Everyone thought they had the perfect relationship until she moved back home and told us they had broken up out of the blue. She refused to talk about the breakup, it was like she completely shut down whenever someone brought it/her ex up. When we found out she was pregnant, she kept insisting the baby wasn’t his and that she didn’t know who the dad was.

I know genetics can be weird, but my nephew looks exactly like her ex. It wasn’t that noticeable when he was born, but as he grew it became more and more noticeable. Still, my sister kept denying her ex was the dad even though we all believed he was.

My sister used to have a high paying job, but it was connected to her ex, so she quit when they broke up. She got a much lower paying job and has been struggling because she refuses to let our parents help her, nor will she try to get support from her ex. My sister and I are close, so watching her struggle so much was hard.

About 5 months ago, I saw her ex’s Instagram account and it just made me so angry seeing him live his best life while my sister was working herself to the bone to look after their son. I sent him this message “You know, I always saw you as the cool older brother but you’re nothing but a pathetic deadbeat”. It turned out he had no idea he had a son because according to him my sister had agreed to get an abortion. So I told him about his son hoping it would make him want to help.

Things have just gotten worse ever since. Her ex was furious at her and threatened to take their son away from her. His family were hounding her constantly. I don’t know what he said to her, but my sister told us that they had gotten married 3 months after I sent him that initial message, which seemed so strange because the week before she was yelling at him about how much she hated him. I’ve spoken to her twice since this all happened, at first, I thought she was angry at me for telling him but she’s only spoken to my parents once to tell them she’s “happy” as well.

I feel guilty and I’m worried that she just married him to keep her son. I’ve tried visiting her/his house to see her in person, but no one is ever home. The two times we spoke on the phone she kept trying to reassure me that she was happy, but it seemed so forced. How do I make sure she is safe? What can I do to help her?

TL;DR- I told my sister’s ex that he had a child because I hated seeing my sister struggling. Unfortunately, I made the entire situation much worse and after much screaming and threats to take her son away from her. My sister ended up marrying her ex secretly without telling anyone in the family. Now she has gone low contact with our family and I’m very worried about her. [SEP]
That's pretty much my problem. I made another post here where I explained a situation that happened today in particular.

Basically he told me he was going to be getting into work early so he could leave earlier (he leaves work at 7pm). And he has never done this for me before btw.

And his explanation for doing this was because he had a world of warcraft raid at 7pm.

But I started thinking about it, and found it weird, because he has had a lot of raids at 7pm before he never left work early because of it. Mostly because he lives 2 minutes away from his work. And there's a tolerance in the game. It never actually starts at 7pm.

So yeah, through a wtp group chat of him and his friends I found out he went to her house for a drink. In the message he said "I'm just staying for one drink and to give you a birthday kiss (it means a kiss on the cheek) and then I have to go"

Also another situation in the beggining of our relationship where he went couch shopping with her for her house and also didn't tell me about it. And he never did. I know he went with her because on a night out she talked about it.

But he had no problem telling me he used to have a huge crush on her....

I guess I'm just here wondering if I'm entitled to confronting him about this and if it is in fact weird or if you think it's just my insecurities getting to me...

Thank you!

Edit: he even tagged another friend in the whatsapp group telling him he was at her house. And he doesn't tell me about it. I don't understand.

TL;DR - there have been several situations where he keeps stuff from me when it comes to his past crush. He doesn't tell me when he meets with her etc [SEP]
I love my boyfriend, we’ve been together for a long time. And we have a good time with each other. But he feels that we don’t interact seriously a lot. I do feel some pressure to be fun when I’m around him or I talk to him, and that’s because I felt he likes that side of me. He says that if we’re planning to spend the rest of our life together, he wants to know me better and get serious in life. Not only fun and play. I understand all of this, but the problem is that he’s not somebody who asks a lot of questions or is inquisitive. How do I do this? Connect with him on a deeper level?

We’re in a lockdown because of covid, and my mind is scrambled eggs right now!

TLDR: boyfriend says he wants me to connect on a deeper level with him. I don’t know what that means? [SEP]
My gf is a dayshift bartender and used to go for drinks after getting off work a lot. I WFH and it works out well for me to create a clear break from working to chilling by taking a little drive to pick her up at the end of her shift.

.

I've noticed a pattern, that if I don't pick her up, she goes out for a drink (often 1, sometimes more). Its a bit annoying, but she makes her own decisions.

.

I asked her to let me know if she is going to go drinking. I told her I don't want to be controlling, that if she isn't OK with this being a boundary in our relationship it doesn't have to be, and she said that it is cool with her, that she will let me know if she goes anytime. This is a two way street and I do the same for her when I go out with friends or for coworker beers.

.

Yesterday she went out for one drink with a friend (a mutual friend, very platonic) after her shift before coming home, never mentioned it, and did not let me know beforehand. We talked about how our days went, asked each other if anything unusual or interesting happened, and this got no mention. I only found out because I found a receipt on our kitchen table.

.

She has violated small boundaries before, including this particular one, and each time I've clearly explained why I was upset, what I wanted to have happen, and things have always gone back to being great rather quickly.

.

I'm livid right now. We spoke via text (I felt too mad to speak on the phone calmly) and she said she was sorry and hadn't thought it was a big deal because it was a quick drink waiting for an uber, and I said that that is irrelevant and that she chose to ignore a clear boundary we agreed to.

.

I've been planning to propose to this woman, we have an incredible life together that most people would envy, but stuff like this makes me scratch my head. Consistency is important to me.

.

What do you think? Am I overreacting? How do I fix this without feeling like I'm beating a dead horse? (Or that it will just happen again eventually...)

.

Edit: my gf was drugged and assulted at a bar once many years before we met, and I luckily was able to keep my ex gf safe after someone slipped her roofies at a bar we were at. The regular bar my gf likes is kinda seedy and I probably worry that that might happen more than I should. I also am in counseling because I have anxiety. I appreciate any and all comments.

.

EDIT 2: This rule was created after this happened months ago:

We were talking about cooking dinner together, and rather than pick her up I said I wanted to finish a work thing (figuring I'd work the extra 20 mins while she took the bus), and she went to the bar instead of getting on the bus and didn't get home for 2.5 hours. We hadn't explicitly talked about times so it wasn't a big deal but that was how we decided to have a rule about texting. It really is a two way street and I always keep her posted.

Also, if she asks me for a ride, then I decline, a response about how or when she is coming home seems like a reasonable expectation for how to end the conversation ... or maybe not? [SEP]
I (28M) have been friends with (28F) since elementary school and in the last 6 years she’s been in 3 abusive relationships. The current one is also abusing her kids. She refuses to get the police involved since she had them taken away several times before and she is afraid this time it might be permanent. My mom offered to take them in to get them away from abusive bf and she refused because “she still wants to make it work with him”. In other relationship it took her brother dragging her out her ex’s house and her mom’s begging before she agreed to leave him. I’m not sure how to help her I think she is still in love with him.

TL;DR friend is in abusive relationship refuses to leave. Her kids are also being abused. [SEP]
I added my old crush from college on Snapchat after not having social media for a while. I felt like we instantly clicked when we first met but it never went further from there, I’d delete my social media’s and we’d stop talking for periods of time.

When I recently added him again I was so excited to talk to him because I’ve always thought he was literally so dreamy. He was so happy to hear from me as well and we instantly started talking almost nonstop for a week, he asked me out for coffee one and then the next didn’t reply to me. A day passed by, two, three, a week. I was crushed but I just left it at that because I figured no response is a response in itself.

Well he ends up messaging me again and tells me that he’s really sorry, didn’t want to come off as a dick but that he had to stop talking to me because he was getting overwhelmed with his feelings, how he’s always had a huge crush on me. However, he tells me how he’s going to be a father in a few months and he’s in a rocky relationship he doesn’t want to be in. I tell him I completely understand and we bid our “goodbyes”....however we keep talking. He hasn’t disclosed with me that they’re done but she deleted everything of him off her Instagram & so did he so I don’t think they’re in good waters right now.

I’ve felt terrible about it, my conscious really is getting to me. Even if they’re done I know this can be temporary and last a day, a week. I don’t want to get in between a family, I was selfish for continuing to talk to him but this was a guy I had always been super into so I just let my own feelings override common sense. I also don’t want to continue to get attached just to be put to the side eventually. I want to tell him this, but I don’t know how to say it nicely and gently. I really don’t want him to think I wasn’t interested because I seriously like him so much. If in the future it’s possible I’d love to try with him, I know it’ll have its own challenges, but I really would love to. Also I need a reality check!!! [SEP]
My boyfriend asked to see my phone and I gave it to him.

With my phone, he typed his name into the search bar and looked at all the messages that came up with his name in it.

Within them, he found a conversation w my best friend, where I show a screenshot of a text message from someone (lets call him Q) that I was 'talking' to. In the screenshot, Q is asking me if I want to rekindle things and meet up as friends. (We have never met up before and only talked cause he was from tinder) My boyfriend was infuriated that I didn't tell him about this guy reaching out to me. Which yes I can understand why. I just brushed it off because I did not feel it was necessary to talk about.

But AT the time, I withheld the information from him because,

I felt that it was pointless to tell him since I had no intentions of meeting this guy or responding

I didn't want to make him worry

I sincerely did not care about this guy

This is not my mindset now, but it was what I was thinking at the time, and I have apologized profusely for not being honest about it.

His POV is:

You need to show me your messages surrounding that screenshot so I can see what you said about him (I have reassured him that I DO NOT CARE about this guy and we never had anything together)

If I did this to you, you would want the same thing (Maybe so)

Of course I can't take your word right now, you lied to me (I lied because I was scared of what he would say)

I know now that I was wrong in doing those things and that it should've just been easier had I told him the truth and he didn't have to find out on his own. But, what can I do now? That was in the past and I have learned. I have previously withheld information from him in the past because I am scared of how he will react and the questions that follow.....My boyfriend is now asking for my phone back so he can reread the conversations and listen to voice messages, that I had with my best friend. My best friend and I talk pretty frequently. Within them, we share a lot of personal information. I do not wish to share the voice messages because I feel like once I share one, he'll go through all of the rest of them trying to find more and dig for things to use against me. I know I should've just owned up to the truth, but I feel extremely uncomfortable giving him my phone to listen to voice messages.

TLDR; Boyfriend wants to listen to personal voice messages between me and my best friend to see what I said about a boy who texted me. I did not tell him that this guy texted me because I felt that it was unnecessary to do at the time. I know now I was wrong, but boyfriend says he won't feel okay until he listens to the voice messages. I am afraid to show because I know anything will be used against me. [SEP]
We’ve been together for about three and a half years. During that time, he’s always insisted on things I found odd, but I was willing to let them slide and go along with it. But none of those things have changed, they just keep adding up. I cannot do this, I must do that, things must be arranged or done this way because otherwise it bothers him too much.

He’s in therapy and on meds now, and has been for about two and a half years. For the past year and a half, he’s been on one medication in particular that seems to have made him EXTREMELY irritable and angry, and the hang-ups have only gotten worse. He also sees his therapist, and he and I used to see his therapist together - I’d come as moral support, but I admit I’m skeptical of his progress. I no longer go with him for that reason, among others. I noticed that the last time they did a video call together at home and I was present, she got frustrated because he was very uncooperative with her. Like she was making suggestions to him and he refused to do any of them, nothing will work, that won’t work, etc. Basically he decides ahead of time that the only solution to his problem is X, or that there is no solution, and I guess he thinks the therapist is just there to confirm that. Other times he’d nod and play along, but just never implement anything she said.

Examples of hang-ups are things like:

Furniture must be arranged in a very particular way. If he is finding a place for his desk, for example, his back cannot face an open room, but must be “blocked off” in some way. This could not be resolved by negotiation or trying to get used to having his desk a different way, which meant that our house is awkward and doesn’t have a smooth flow. His desk is literally right in front of our front door.

I cannot use common certain words and phrases, because he interprets them differently than other people. For example, I can’t say, “Why don’t you....” if I’m suggesting something. To him, he says, that sounds like I’m saying he’s stupid for not thinking of doing something himself first. When I explained that that was absolutely not the case, I was still told that I shouldn’t say it anyway.

When he comes home from work, it is absolutely necessary to him that I become completely invisible. COMPLETELY. INVISIBLE. He says it’s because he’s an “intensely private person” and “needs alone time”, but this means that I cannot approach or speak to him as he “decompresses”, and he has purchased a giant light-blocking, heavy piece of cloth to block off the doorway to the living room entirely when he gets home, so that he can stay in there by himself and not see or hear me at all until he decides that he can approach me. This also means that I obviously can’t use anything in the living room if I want to during that time, but tough, I guess. If I approach him during this time, he gets very annoyed and angry.

He is very particular about food. I throw away so much because he will barely eat leftovers, if at all. He says that leftovers “once made him sick” so now he has “a thing with leftovers” and has trouble eating them. He will order plenty of food, but never quite finish it. If I make food, sometimes he won’t even try it because “I don’t like that type of food” or “I have a thing with this one particular ingredient”. Not in the sense of disliking it, he acts like he cannot psychologically tolerate having this ingredient near him. He has “things” with so much food, that he ends up blowing household income on fast food. He spent $50 even last month using his debit card in a vending machine at his job alone.

There are just so many times I’m left standing dumbfounded because I’ve discovered that he’s been triggered, yet again, by something or other, and there are so many taboos that I can’t keep up anymore. They are always framed as “Look, it has to be this way because otherwise it causes me anxiety”, but when does it end? He’s still anxious.

He’s been analyzed for possibly being on the spectrum, and he’s not. I think, personally, if anything, it’s anxiety, stuff stemming from his childhood manifesting itself in this way. But as I said, he’s not really cooperative with therapy, and ever since he’s been on this medication he’s been mean on top of that. At one point he moved out, and I let him. Unfortunately I can’t afford to live alone.

Look, he’s not all bad. I told him I’ve had it with the attitude and he either sees his psychiatrist to get to the bottom of why he seems so mean-spirited since he went on this medication or he needs to find somewhere else to go again. He did see her, and she doubled the dose (???) and of course he’s gotten worse, but at least he’s going back in a week or so.

I have not sat down and told him “Look, I’m tired of the mental hang-ups” because his mood has been so bad recently. I’m wondering if I should wait until his doctor considers actually getting him off this medicine, or what. I’m also considering asking his therapist for another session with both of us, but I’m not sure if she will, since after I stopped going my partner was pretty insistent that she start seeing him alone from that point forward.

Tl;dr - My partner has mental hang-ups about many, many ordinary things that interfere with daily life, and the list of things that he/we/I cannot do keeps growing. He says it’s because these things cause him anxiety, but doesn’t seem to be willing to work on that anxiety. I’m wondering if there’s any hope. He’s on a medication that seems to be making him more irritable and angry, so I’m reticent to bring up the issue now. I’m wondering if I should wait until he is off the medication, if that happens, and/or if I should try to see his therapist with him again, as we did previously. Or just stop trying. [SEP]
I got out of a longterm relationship a few months ago. It was a good relationship, but ultimately we discovered we wanted different things longterm, and we just were never going to work. Since I started dating again, or attempting to date, I've had major anxiety about how I might somehow miss or mess things up with the right person.

Because of COVID, it is still currently basically impossible to meet new people in real life, so I have started on the dating apps. And I keep worrying that my person is out there... but that I will like them on the app, and they won't like me back. Or the algorithm won't show them to me, or me to them. Or when I start a conversation with someone and then they don't respond and disappear after a few messages, that they could have been my person and now we will never meet. I spent WEEKS talking to this one guy, sending long daily messages to each other, and then when I proposed meeting up, he ghosted.

And most recently, when I went on a date with a guy, who I thought I clicked and connected with and he seemed really awesome, and then he ghosted me... and I have been able to get him out of my head. Thinking maybe we could have been something and having no idea why he ghosted me, wondering what I did to ruin things. I'm pretty laidback (despite this post lol), didn't come on too strong, so I know it's not that....

I've been single for almost four months now, and only gone on an in person date with the ONE guy (who I liked!) and then did two virtual dates with two other guys that were a disaster.

Is there any advice to stop people from ghosting me? Why does this keep happening? And how can I make sure that I meet and get a chance with someone who is right for me?

tldr: no success in dating, worried I'm ruining things [SEP]
Me and my bf have been together for over 2 years now. We are still long distance as covid doesn’t allow us to visit each other, but we plan to visit once the borders open up.

I have been fortunate to have grown up having a fairly normal childhood (albeit with some minor trauma), but I do suffer from mental illnesses along with Autism and Adhd. When I met my boyfriend, I was in a dark space, but he really helped me to grow into the stronger person I am today. He has always been incredibly supportive and loving, and it is very refreshing not being stuck in toxic relationships (like I was in the past.) I should add that I have been in therapy for over 4 years, and have a supportive family.

My boyfriend on the other hand grew up with some pretty significant trauma, and to this day he is still stuck living with his unhealthy family. He, himself, most likely has cptsd and adhd, but he refuses to get any therapy. While he does have a social worker that he talks to every week or two, along with a psychiatrist for his medications regarding mental health, he is still struggling in day to day life. (He has antidepressants and antipsychotics for his bipolar? I personally believe its a misdiagnoses but theres nothing I can do.)

As I have seen the benefits of therapy myself, I just find myself to be so frustrated and worn out when I watch my bf struggling. I am trying to accept that I cannot force him to make changes that he is not ready to take, but it doesn’t make it any easier. I do believe that the toxic household that he still lives in is a big factor, ontop of the lack of food that they constantly have.

I just find myself doubting the future of our relationship if this continues. It is hard on me mentally and I have had dozens of conversations with him, asking why he wont consider therapy, or even just going to food banks. But he just doesn’t see the need¿¿¿ for it. It has gotten to a point where I fear that I am emotionally manipulating him to get therapy and/or help because I am so desperate.

Additionally lately he has been having some medical issues, but he rarely gets them checked out, as again he doesn’t see them that serious, and it drives me crazy with worry (my anxiety disorder doesn’t help imao).

I do not know what to do at this point. I really don’t want to loose him, but I do need to take care of my own mental health. What can I even do? What are my next steps?

Tdlr: Bf faces food insecurity, unhealthy family, medical issues, and mental health issues w/ trauma, but refuses to get help. [SEP]
I've been with my husband for 14 years in total now, we've got a 9-year-old daughter, and I work in a high-pressure job in LA, work as a researcher for a TV company, and have generally done research jobs for years anyway; been at my current employer for 6 years now, like it there and don't want to leave.

My husband works as a tow-truck employee, says he's become worried he'll be made obsolete due to self-driving cars and he may as well change jobs, move to Guam and retrain in something like sales or get bar work.

He says he likes, well, loves his job, but reality bites.

I'm concerned over this, if only because it's sudden; also I don't think my job can be done remotely (I've been forced to stop due to the pandemic anyway, the way things are in Hollywood and the wider entertainment industry).

Moving to Guam won't need a visa, as we're US citizens anyway (all born here) so it's not like moving to France or Italy etc.

I don't think I'd be able to get a job like mine over there, and it'd be really hard to start from scratch, plus what about my daughter's education?

He really wants to discuss it with me, but I can't see any advantages for us as a family.

Before we discuss it, how can we avoid this getting into a pressure scenario where we're all arguing and not geting anywhere?

I really am concerned; is this a midlife crisis?? [SEP]
So the neighbor, who I've lived next to for nearly 5 years, was outside a couple days ago with her driving instructor while I was washing my car. I chatted with her and her instructor for a little bit before they took off.

I left her a note/letter, saying that it was wonderful to meet her, wishing her luck in driving with a small teabag accompanying it. She wrote back the next day thanking me and told me that she's actually known me since elementary school... which I didn't know. I knew that we went to the same high school, so we practically grew up together even though we never really talked.

I replied to some things in her letter (mainly driving related things) and at the bottom wrote "If you're available and okay with it, I'd love to go get coffee sometime this weekend. No worries if not, just let me know." One friend said that it was alright and the other was flabbergasted that I would write such a thing to my neighbor.

I dropped it off at her door sometime yesterday afternoon, and she's picked it up last night when I checked while getting the mail. It's the next morning and no response (she's probably still have yet to write it).

And then I slowly started thinking... was I weird in asking the neighbor out for coffee? Not sure how you guys would take it - I simply just want to get coffee with my neighbor, not trying to hit on her or anything. After all, the two of us have nearly grown up in the same neighborhood/schools but never talked til now.

[SEP]
So I am a pastor's kid who's active in her faith and I've met a guy who we line up really well in a lot of things. I've known him for over two weeks now, and we're technically boyfriend and girlfriend but I see it more as we're more seriously dating (none of the facebook official kind of things). Parents like the guy and we're moving a bit slow and I'm just trying to learn how to enjoy my first real relationship.

The main thing is that the guy and I have different denominational beliefs. For those who aren't active in church, these can be known to be major deal breakers in relationships. Also growing up hearing and seeing that too in ministry, it's drama I want to avoid too. Though, clearly some of the questions and talks I've brought up aren't scaring the guy off, so it's really just exploring what we both believe and such.

The problem is that I'm getting pressure from my parents to "evangelize" to the guy and really dig hard at the belief and faith questions. My main problem is that I don't want this to be a project relationship! They're looking at 30+ years of marriage, and I'm with a guy I've known for two weeks.

It just sucks since I grew up in a household that the bar is raised sooo high for a relationship and I'm already dealing with built up trust issue walls too from years of ministry problems in my past. Basically, it's keeping me from really enjoying the relationship and seeing where it goes. I just don't really know what to do since the only answers I'm seeing is "continue to take it slow" or just blow off the guy that I've been getting to know the past couple weeks. I just feel like I lose in either one of the scenarios.

TL;DR Pastor's kid who's big in her faith met a guy and is feeling pressure from parents to have deep talks when I'm just trying to get to know the guy. I'm just confused from it all and not quite sure what to do to keep things fun and that no one gets emotionally hurt. [SEP]
We've been together for 3 years now and she's pretty much the love of my life and great in every way possible. We have planned out our life together to the point that we think about the names of our future kids. The start of our relationship was quite rocky because we had a weird friendship before we started dating, it's hard to explain. But we figured things out and here we are.

Sometimes though, I find myself thinking it would be better to be single and party and do whatever with whoever I want. I got to do that for a few years when my social life took off when I was 16, but for some reason now I think I'm missing out on something because I'm taken. FOMO, in a sense.

I have had these thoughts from time to time, but it gets worse closer to the summer. These same thoughts flooded my mind last spring. We talked about it, but I'm honestly bad at communicating and expressing my feelings so it was a bit of a mess.

I suffer from seasonal depression because the winters here in Northern Europe are, well, depressing. So I think that's the reason I don't get these thoughts in winter, since it's nice to have someone to go to when you feel like ass all the time. But you can't put an on/off switch on a relationship.

I love her so much and I want to build a future with her, but still, for some god-forsaken reason, I feel attraction towards other women and that "party lifestyle" I think my twenties are supposed to be.

We are most likely going long distance this autumn because I'm starting studies in another city and I just wish my mind would snap out of these thoughts so we could have an extremely strong foundation when we live a few hours apart or a strong feeling that even though I love her from the bottom of my heart, this is not the right thing for me in this stage of my life.

Has anyone else had this experience and what did you end up doing?

TL;DR: I have the best partner I could wish for, but I still contemplate if I'd rather be single these years of my life. [SEP]
Hello,

I have been in this conflict for a while. I’ve spoken to a therapist and have tried to directly address my issue to find closure. I fear there is no resolution and the issue could become a problem later.

First off me and my boyfriend’s sister were friends but I feel like I engaged in an inappropriate friendship with her early on gaining information about him that wasn’t asked for but really I should not have been talking about. I noticed some darker personality traits in her a long time ago that irked me but I chose to ignore. I feel like she was desiring a deeper relationship with me than was appropriate and I engaged in that because it benefited me.

My boyfriend’s sister is very inconsiderate of other people’s time and needs. I have many small examples of this living in my head. I have tried to talk to her and she avoided me. Admittedly we are both very busy and I was patient with that but after a week to a month, I lost my patience. We had a texting conversation that escalated. Texting is not a good communication format but I had her attention there so I used that time since I assume she would flake as she always does. By always I mean 9 times out of 10 at the last minute she cancels plans or changes the tine or terms of said plan, I’m not exaggerating. For me personally I find that very upsetting and rude. She thinks she is following her boundaries and needs and ‘going with the flow,’ which being involved in a ‘hippie’ spiritual world seems to validate following your self above all others. That scene is a-whole-nother can of worms. Literally anything that makes her uncomfortable, is hard, or has any negative emotions or work to be done she avoids.

Often this poor communication of plans or changing things affects us and ends up inconveniencing myself and/or boyfriend. He accepts her the way she is out of love and kinds but I find it enables her to continue pushing other people’s needs and being manipulative. When we had the conflict he talked to her, first because he was angry that her avoiding me hurt my feelings. Then he spoke to her and thought her point of view was fair that she was waiting for god or the universe to present the right time to talk to me. Unfortunately that does not consider my timing or schedule at all. She called me when she had time but I had already td her I’d be at work. She agreed to talk at times I told her I was not able to talk. She texted me on other apps than the app I was using to talk to her, so I didn’t see the message. It was very annoying to me because while I know people are busy these all just seem like manipulative or unaware ways to avoid conflict. She just decided it felt ‘wrong’ and from my perspective...like yeah conflict is uncomfortable but can be helpful for growth.

None the less we text argued and she said somethings that I felt were turning the story to irrelevant topics and back on to herself instead of hearing me and made some claims that were rude and manipulative. It did not go well. Since then she has changed her plans to avoid me and life circumstance intervened and it has not been resolved. She recorded me and apology that included ‘I’m sorry but you also hurt my feelings.’ Which to me is not really an apology but whatever. I can’t control it.

My boyfriend recently talked to her about me but he didn’t share what was said.

I dunno what to do, what should I do? I can’t really do much.

tl;dr I became too deep of friend’s with my boyfriend’s sister, boundaries were crossed and not respected, and conflict arose. She doesnt want to deal with conflict. What do I do? [SEP]
Been married since 2018 to my husband Josh.

For the past few weeks, my husband has not wanted sex at all with me; instead spending hours either masturbating to pictures of women on SHEIN, or watching Archibald's Next Big Thing episodes constantly.

The women are in lingerie or bikinis.

We've been together since we were 25, and I thought our relationship was great, but now he's become irritable if he can't get online, and spends hours masturbating when he should be working from home.

He's obsessive over the pictures of these women, i found 30 photos from SHEIN downloaded in our desktop folder about financial stuff when I was checking our spreadsheets.

There's actually around 800 photos of them in a folder I found with "2021-19-04" in it, which I thought was a financial folder (I stored things by date) and it was concerning.

My husband claims he's not bi but how else does it explain looking at women, I honestly thought he was gay, but now I'm questioning things.

His behavior's caused intense arguments; I'm wondering if I should get him psychiatric help or satiation therapy (or would that cause more problems than it solves?).

I wonder if he's got a problem ; I've asked him if there's anything wrong but he insists there isn't.

He's lately started to become obsessed over three new things; Archibald's Next Big Thing, candy bars (he'll eat seven to eight bars in one sitting and drink two cans of beer with it) and buying candy bars and snacks in bulk.

He's been ignoring household chores for Archibald's Next Big Thing and also downloading images from fashion sites and eating candy bars and yelled at me for not buying him more candy.

I didn't marry a manchild; this behavior is strange and concerning, it's a far cry from the great guy I met when I was 23 years old.

I'm wondering if he's having an affair, since there's been lingerie pics from some woman called Jill sent to our mobile, and a message that read:

> Hiya... will send ya more sexy lingerie pics, thanks for talking to me on OKCupid. Jill xxxxxxxx

I didn't even know my husband used OKCupid.

I'm now so upset and concerned over the whole thing I'm questioning my marriage.

I didn't rush into marriage, we were committed to it and both wanted it.

The thing is, I'm worried about what next in my life, how to get out of this problem, as it's one of the biggest crisises our relationship has faced.

I don't know who to talk to about this. [SEP]
Usually, I'm a pretty laid back person. I don't get irritated or angry very easily. We've been together for 6 happy years, but over the past year or two I've found increasingly that I'll get irritated about really menial things, which sometimes results in my snapping at my boyfriend for no reason. Particularly things that he does often, i.e mannerisms. For example, mispronouncing things repeatedly, using made-up words (which I used to find endearing), doing general housekeeping tasks differently than I would like them done, and asking me what I'm doing when it's obvious (''oh you're cooking?'' when I'm in the process of cooking, or ''oh you're done watching tv?'' when I turn the tv off). I've tried really hard to work on this, and to some degree I've gotten better, but I'm still frequently getting upset with him when he hasn't done anything wrong. I feel so guilty because he doesn't deserve it, and I don't understand why I'm angry.

I have a brother with BPD and it reminds me of how he would get furious at us over nothing growing up. It kinda freaks me out that I'm behaving like him in a small way.

Before anyone asks - I'm not on any medications or birth control. This problem preceded covid and we're both working so aren't seeing more of each other than usual.

tldr; I get mad at my boyfriend over his benign habits/mannerisms. This is really out of character for me and I feel guilty. Why am I like this and how can I stop feeling this way?

Edit: Thank you all for your thoughtful advice! I don't know what the magic root cause is - maybe I've fallen out of love, but maybe the relationship can be repaired. It's reassuring to know that some people have worked through these problems with their partners. Time will tell. [SEP]
I’m a 25F. I’ve just started to get back into the dating world post covid. Honestly even precovid I wasn’t that far into the dating world, anyway. I’m still a virgin and it’s really been making me question things with dating. It’s not that I don’t /want/ to have sex, but I’ve never been in a relationship. I’ve wanted to loose it with someone I care about and the situation has never presented itself. I don’t like to talk about sex too much before the first date other than figuring out what both sides are looking for (relationship, hook up, etc.) But I’ve had guys also get upset or really turned off that I’m a virgin, don’t believe me, and will just stop talking. Some have said that’s something I should have mentioned before hand but that seems so soon to talk about even before the first date when we’ve already determined both parties are looking for a relationship not a hook up. I’ve mentioned that it’s not that I don’t want to have sex, the situation has just never come up. They also don’t believe that I’ve never been in a relationship either. I’ve never dated due to really bad confidence issues. I’m finally feeling confident enough to date serious but all of this has really shaken that.

TLDR: I’m a virgin both relationship wise and sexually. When should I tell a guy I’m interested in that I’m a virgin? [SEP]
My boyfriend (22M) and I (20F) had a fight, and my anger went uncontrollable. One thing led to another and there came a point where I slapped him. Later I had apologized to him and he forgave me (briefly)(we resolved our fight too) but I couldn't forgive myself for what I did. I consider a slap an abuse and I just can't believe I would do something like that to my loved one. I feel extremely terrible for doing it, I apologized to my boyfriend again later and he just made a joke of it but I just can't stop crying thinking how I could do something like that to him. The regret is killing me. I am also a bit scared of myself and the uncontrollable and irrational anger I possess. I can't stop hating myself for doing something like this. I have never hit a person this way. My boyfriend never told me how he felt when I did that, he doesn't reveal his feelings and I feel terrible about it because I don't know if he really forgave me either.

TL;DR!- During an argument, I got angry and slapped my boyfriend, but our fight later got resolved and I apologized for the slap but I still can't stop feeling terrible about it and I completely hate myself for it now. [SEP]
My boyfriend and I have been together for about 6 months and we were listening to music in bed while naked a few nights ago when he asked me to change the song, so I got up to find a song on our computer and the second I got up he immediately pulled out his phone, pointed the camera in my direction, and when I looked at him he acted flustered and pointed the phone away really quickly. I just can't get the thought out of my head that he is hiding something if he whipped out his phone so fast the minute I wasn't able to see. I thought at first maybe he was texting someone, but then when I saw the camera pointed directly at me and when he acted like he wasn't pointing it at me when I saw...idk. Even if he wasn't taking a picture, I feel like he is hiding something because of the way he waited for me to get out of bed. Advice on what I should do?

TL;DR: My boyfriend might have taken a naked pic of me the second I got out of bed to change the song, but not entirely sure. [SEP]
I (M21) had broken up with my ex girlfriend (F21) last Saturday after having been together for the better part of 2 years. We had matched in tinder in January of 2019, and we hit it off right away (both of us wanting a serious relationship). Personally, I was hesitant of getting on dating apps because I was not a fan of hookup culture (I've only been intimate with my 3 girls, all of whom were exes). However, I saw how most of my female friends were often more relationship-oriented so I decided to give it a shit. Everything was going great with her: both of us lived in a university-town so we were still with our parents while commuting to school. She's an only child, she had the same Catholic upbringing as I did. She would always tell me that the reason why she liked me a lot wasn't only because of my appearance, but also because of how different I was from other guys she's spoken to on tinder (mostly jerks that just wanted hookups).

Then one night in the Spring of 2019, it was getting late and we were up talking philosophically about our past and our previous relationships. She is a very honest person and didn't seem she wanted to hide anything, so she told me she had only been in one serious relationship before, which ended over a year before we started talking. She told me that she got on tinder in the summer of 2018, but she was strictly looking to date. She had matched and talked to one guy whom she had gotten to really like, and they had planned to meetup at a coffee shop, but he ended up ghosting her. She was completely distressed. She happened to be working at a Walmart at the time, and one of her "promiscuous" coworker (who was known to sleep around a lot) convinced her to have a "fun phase" on tinder, which is essentially sleeping around. My ex agreed because she wanted attention after getting ghosted. But it's how she handled the situation that disturbed me...

Basically, in the Fall of 2018 she would be talking to tinder guys that clearly just wanted sex, and she would give them her address to come pick her up on certain nights. She would lie to her parents and say she was going to a female friend's house for a sleepover. Her parents trusted her because they always believed she was a "good girl". So she would get into the stranger tinder guys' cars and the guy would drive her back to her place to have sex. But what was most disturbing was that she admitted that she NEVER used condoms with any of those guys (there were 7 guys she had met up with in a span of 3 months). When I asked her why not, she said "you know, it doesn't feel as good". She even had "accidents" with 2 of the guys she was seeing, where they had accidentally finished inside of her, and she wasn't ever on the pill... She told me how when she went to go see her gyno at the time, she would always have that shameful expression when the gyno asked if she was being protected. But that didn't stop her.

So eventually she got out of that phase and ended up dating me in 2019. During that same night we had that conversation, she told me how the guys she had seen in her phase were following her on Instagram (and she was following them too). She even had a snap streak with one of them (although she had streaks with a lot of her friends and coworkers). I didn't want to say anything because I trusted her and didn't want to be the type of boyfriend that questioned her loyalty.

However, in April of 2019 she broke up with me after we had issues concerning something else. We didn't speak until January 2020, where she told me that she was sorry for the way things ended, and (long story short) we ended up back together. She later told me how in the time we were broken up, she was seeing another guy during the summer, and then later had a one night stand with someone from tinder. I had been single and working the entire summer.

Since then, I've had a horrible feeling in my stomach thinking back to all the things she told me. Even though she had her "fun phase" when she wasn't with me, it really disturbs me how she lied to her parents about where she was going off at nights, when she was having strangers from tinder pick her up and drive her back to their place to have unprotected sex. She claimed she was clean, but to be honest that wasn't what bothered me. It was the reckless choices she made, and those aren't values that aligned with mine.

I made a mistake of trying to be okay with it, but clearly I wasn't. I tried to move on, but in the end I couldn't see myself being with someone who made those horrible choices. So after a lot of consideration, I gave her a call on Saturday and explained my concerns with her and I told her I wanted to break up. On Monday, one of my buddies on tinder sent me a screenshot of her new tinder profile, which made me see that she was in no wait to move on.

I decided that experience left me sad, and I didn't want to date again for a while. I definitely won't be using tinder again. I don't want to put my hatred on the hookup culture, but I definitely want to focus on finishing school and starting my career. But I'd be lying if I said this past experience isn't difficult to overcome.

How can I get past this?

Tl;dr - I broke up with my ex gf of 2 years after not having expressed my concerns about the poor choices she made with tinder guys before me, and still keeping in touch with them (indirectly) while we were together. She jumped right back on tinder after we broke up, but I want to focus on school and not date for a while. How can I move on emotionally from this experience? [SEP]
hey! about a week ago i (17f) began talking with a guy (17m) who expressed romantic interest in me. he’s amazing and lovely and i was overjoyed at first!

the last few days, however, i’ve been having doubts. for a few hours i’m happy as can be and super glad we met! then for a few hours i feel anxious, nauseous, overwhelmed with fear, uncomfortable, and i just want to back out. i constantly flip-flop between the two and just feel AWFUL all the time, and i don’t know why. this boy is amazing and everything i’ve ever wanted, yet here he is and i feel like vomiting.

i felt SO READY for a relationship, and now a wonderful opportunity presented itself and i’m a wreck. is this normal? should i stick things out? i truly care about him and think he’s amazing, but i feel so awful.

before him, i had an almost-relationship with a boy who didn’t actually care about me and just liked my attention. with him, i was so confident, so committed, so sure... i had a couple days of extreme anxiety, difficulty sleeping, and trouble eating, but it was fueled by pure excitement. this, this is constant dread. with the past boy i initiated phone calls and just wanted to be around him and hang out, and with the current guy i dread any type of interaction. receiving a text from him fills me with dread.

i haven’t met him in person yet and my friends think i should stick it out and “give him a chance” in person. again, i think he’a absolutely amazing, but I’M the problem. he doesn’t seem to quite get my sense of humor and we don’t always seem to be on the same wavelength, but for me those are things to take note of but not problems. the issue is that i’m having a breakdown over this.

i know i’m very young and since i haven’t had a relationship before, i just don’t know what to do. is this normal? should i hang on? should i tell him how i’m feeling and end things for my own sanity? i don’t want to hurt him but it would be unfair for me to string him along. what if i meet him in person and he’s perfect? will i still feel like this? has anyone had something like this? did you regret letting them go? i don’t know what’s wrong with me and i just don’t know what to do.

TL;DR met a super great guy but i’m having doubts and breaking down, i don’t know whether to hang on or break things off [SEP]
My best friend and I have been friends since we were 13 and we even traveled together for the first in 2019. I am a part of his Dungeons and Dragons (DnD) campaign that he has run weekly over the last 18 months but I feel increasingly that he isn't interested in my company outside of the campaign.

Until March, he and I would usually schedule a Zoom call to catch up outside of DnD, but lately when I try to schedule one, he either ignores my message or brushes me off with a "We'll see" or something like that.

This week, for the first time, he asked ME (as supposed to me reaching out) if we wanted to chat this week. Within 15 minutes I responding with "Sure, what time?" and then... radio silence for 48 hours.

To be completely fair, my friend is in his 2nd year of med school and from what I have heard from him, it's been very stressful and time-consuming for him. So I've really tried to give him the benefit of the doubt. But at the same time, he's clearly had enough time to run a DnD campaign (3-6 hours a week) through all this time and I can't even get a text back from him saying "Sorry, I'm busy" unless it's DnD-related.

And while I enjoyed the DnD to start, after 18 months I'd honestly have to say I'm getting kind of burnt out of it and the way the story seems to have so many detours is rather frustrating and I'm honestly hoping it ends rather soon. But at the same time, I'm worried losing this might end up with us losing touch with each other. [SEP]
y fiancé is a wonderful man, so I’m not trying to write a post indicting him. I’m just in that weird spot where we aren’t married (Covid delay) and I’m not the bio parent of SS 2, so I feel like I have to navigate this very carefully.

My partner only sees his son once or twice a month for a day at a time, because BabyMomma (BM) lives states away. He’s in court right now trying to get partial custody in summertime, and it’s likely SS will at some point come to stay with us for a bit.

The biggest problem is my fiancé saying how excited he is for SS to come stay with us, because SS behaves like an angel for us and absolutely terrorizes his mom. My partner thinks this angelic behavior will last, but I know kids push boundaries with those they’re most comfortable around. If kiddo slaps / bites / throws dirt at BM over FaceTime calls, he is going to do the exact same thing once he’s comfy around us two. My fiancé insists that’s not true and his son respects and loves him too much to treat him the way he acts toward his mother.

Another issue is my fiancé projecting his own personality onto SS. For example, he’ll talk about how much SS loves wildlife, and I have to suppress a giggle because kiddo is TERRIFIED of everything from ducklings to ladybugs. Fiancé insists SS is always happy and giggling, but he’s actually a very serious and thoughtful little guy— you have to really earn his smiles, which makes them special.

Fiancé also takes issue with how BM dresses their son (like a jock! She’s trying to make him tough but he’s just a sensitive little guy, he will never be like that, he hates sports)....SS is very high energy and loves soccer, dirt and being active.

Also...he’s two. He’s only two. And if he ever behaves outside the personality my fiancé projects onto him, my fiancé either ignores the behavior or seems baffled / confused. It’s like he’s more concerned with his son being just like him rather than letting his son be who he is. I think part of the problem is my fiancé doesn’t want to see anything of BM in their kid— they both absolutely loathe each other and can’t stand to even speak without court mediation present. But it’s just not possible for SS to be 100% my partner, of course the child will have both physical and personality traits from his mom.

How do I tread lightly but tell my Fiancé he’s being unfair to SS? I don’t think it’s healthy for him to have all these perfect ideals about a two year old’s personality and behavior. But again, as a SP, I don’t really have a lot of wiggle room to criticize the actual parents.

TLDR: I think my fiancé’s projection of his own personality onto his son is unhealthy, as well as the way my fiancé idealizes his son’s behavior and pretends he’s “perfect”— but I don’t know how to approach the subject in a productive way. [SEP]
I (17M) go through a constant cycle of being on ok terms with him, then really hating him and trying to ignore him, and then back to the first. I don't really know how to describe my relationship with him, it's weird. I have become so intimidated and idk how to describe it, just nervous, around him that I don't really speak in his presence, and I'm not a quiet or shy person. I think it may be because he is very judgemental and has negative things to say about everyone that I did not want him to offend me when I was younger. Whenever we are alone or with others I don't say anything to him, I moreso just respond to what he says to me. He has a strong personality and can make conversation with anyone and will usually strike a conversation with anyone he can. When I see that he does not care to ask me anything about my personal life/interests or just talk to me when we are eating or in the car, I just feel as though he doesn't like me. I try to use his business as a way to become closer with him through trying to help him and I think that this is the best way to stay connected cause I have nothing else to say, but this hasn’t changed anything either.

I want to tell him how I feel about our relationship and his treatment towards myself and others, but I respect and love him enough not to do so as I feel that it will do more harm than good. At any point where I say anything slightly negative or “disrespectful” towards him, he'll just go off and start swearing or something.

My mom will likely leave my father whenever the pandemic is over, and being at home with the two of them for this past year has been such a pain. I become conflicted over trying to improve our relationship cause he's my father or just giving up on trying after seeing his relationship with my mum. Having to see him mistreat my mum every day and see her so upset at some times always brings up my repressed feelings of hate and anger for my father.

Most likely I'll live with just my mum after this pandemic and when I'm in university and I can't imagine texting/calling/meeting my father on my own. I may not provide him much to talk about and he probably thinks I don't like him, but he shows very little effort into any of my interests or life in general. My mum has talked to him on multiple occasions on how I feel and what he can do but that has done nothing. I'm sure some of his own problems and treatment of others come from his experience with his own father, but that is not an excuse for how he’s treated me when I have repeatedly made it clear how I want him to treat myself and others.

I “think” that I want to have the best relationship with him that I can, especially since he is older, I don't want to regret not spending time with him and trying to connect with him later on before he goes. I've talked to my mum and others and nothing they have said has changed anything. I think maybe seeing a therapist in a year's time would help but then again I'd rather fix this on my own.

If anyone could provide me with any advice or thoughts I would greatly appreciate it!

TL;DR! I(17M) want to fix my relationship with my (61M)father, who I can't make conversation with and has become the root of all my anxiety cause of his relationship with my mum [SEP]
Just as the title says. My (27F) boyfriend (31M) is a lone wolf. He is so content by himself. I also enjoy time to myself by also I value spending time together to nurter our relationship and I mean I love him. I’m always happy to see him. I never get tired of him. I give him his space especially to decompress after work. I just get lonely after a while.

How do you grow a relationship where one person thrives on alone time and wants to spend time on their own more than with you?

Whenever I mention the future, he says “You know me, I could live contently on my own the rest of my life so it says alot that I’m choosing to be in a relationship, especially living together.” It feels more like I’m supposed to be grateful that he’s choosing to be with me. But I’m valuable and actively choosing to be with him? I’m not the kind of person who wants to be alone, I want a life partner.

If you can relate or are of similar personality to him, can you please help me understand? Any advice on what I can do? Please don’t just stoop to “you should just leave him”. Looking for real understanding here.

TLDR; My boyfriend loves to do his own thing and have alone time all the time. How do you even grow a relationship if one person wants to do their own thing most of the time? [SEP]
Every few months it seems this gut feeling starts to rear its head again that we might not be right for each other. I love him a lot. He's the sweetest man I've ever known. He's kind, understanding, accepting, intuitive, caring, supportive, we make each other laugh, and I feel like I can be 100% myself around him. I feel like objectively I couldn't ever ask for much more in a relationship. He is genuinely an incredible partner.

The only problem I see that might be a matter of compatibility is that we don't converse as much as I'd like. I'm a little shy, but when I'm comfortable I love to discuss all sorts of things -- politics, philosophy, spirituality, stuff like that. We've had a handful of long conversations like that but it's not a theme in our relationship. I've had "situationships" where I could talk/facetime with the person for hours on end just talking and talking. I feel like that "fills my cup" so to speak. I probably couldn't talk on the phone with my fiance for 20 minutes and keep a conversation going. When we ride in the car, it's usually either silent or me doing 80-90% of the talking.

This has come up, we've talked about it, decided it is something we can work on (cultivating shared interests/experiences, him being a bit more responsive than just "yeah"/"okay"/"cool")... but the more time goes on I start to feel like maybe I'm trying to fix something that can't be fixed. And the more time goes on the more important it feels to me for me to be fulfilled.

The other thing, which I realized very recently, and I know this is an issue on my part and something I need to discuss with him is... he wants children. Most of my life I didn't think I did. When we started getting serious, I knew he wanted children, and I thought maybe it would be fun, and I know he would make an amazing father. So I decided (I thought) that I also wanted children. But as my doubts are becoming more prevalent I'm realizing maybe I don't, and that I was making that "decision" because I love him and want to make him happy. Which I know is not a recipe for a happy, successful marriage in the future.

If you're wondering why we're engaged, he is undocumented. I decided I would marry him so that we can build a real life together without him living in the shadows. But, that's the only reason he's still here. If it weren't for me he'd go back to his home country where he hasn't seen his family for 6 years.

So on the one hand, it seems really unfair of me to keep him away from his family, from building his life, from finding a better woman, if I'm not sure about our future together. And I still don't know if this quietness is something that's sustainable. I don't want silence on every road trip we take together for hours on end. I don't want every dinner out to be us making small talk and staring around the room when we don't have food in our mouths. And I can't make him talk to me more if that's just who he is.

On the other hand, I know if I did it I would have massive feelings of regret. Maybe they'd go away, but I know there would be a period where I'd feel I made the wrong decision. I think there's a pretty good chance my life would just completely fall apart because he does such a good job of keeping me on track. He wakes me up in the morning. He makes me coffee. He reminds me to go to bed when I need to. I have ADHD which I'm finally getting treatment for over the past 6 months or so, and my life was kind of a disaster before we got together. I know to some degree it would go back to that and I would probably end up severely depressed for at least a while, if I didn't end up back in such a bad place where I become suicidal again. Basically I'm pretty confident that I'll be miserable without him even if it is the right thing for me/us. Eventually I'm sure I'd be okay, but I would expect months to years of misery on my end.

On the other (same, second) hand, less related to my anxieties etc... maybe this isn't something that I need from a romantic relationship. Maybe it's something that I need in general, but can fulfill from other relationships with friends and family. I basically have one friend that since covid I've seen once every few months. I had friends in college but due to various situations and circumstances don't really speak to anymore. I know that's not healthy either and something I need to work on, and maybe it would resolve this issue, but maybe not, and maybe it's not fair for me to keep him waiting around to figure out if it will. I know there's no such thing as a perfect partner, and I know it's not fair to expect that my partner to do the work for me to be fulfilled.

I think there's also a chance that I'm chasing something that doesn't actually exist. I was groomed and abused by multiple older men as a teenager. Most of those "situationships" I mentioned were with people reminiscent of those abusers to one degree or another. A lot of the discussion that I found so riveting was me basically being belittled and dismissed (while somehow also acknowledging and affirming my intelligence? idk shits weird) or arguing with people, sometimes people who were downright mean to me a lot of the time. So I tend to wonder if my trauma is also playing a role here and making me pine for this toxicity that I found so intense and exhilarating in the past.

Then I come back thinking that this is all just rationalization to try to explain away a real problem that needs to be resolved in one way or another. I don't know. I'm just sad.

Any insight greatly appreciated. [SEP]
Hey all,

So I’ve (university student, 20m) been living with my SO (CAD designer 27 F) for around 5 months, after a year of dating we decided to move in together both for romantic reasons and financial ones. It’s been pretty great, after we got over some initial bumps regarding the pace we’re generally used to in our lives prior to living together, and it’s not like we have any real fights either. But, there is one thing that crops up at times that I have trouble figuring out what exactly it is that I’m supposed to do.

So my SO likes schedules - she plans things out often to the minute at times. I’m in university and she’s graduated working at an engineering firm for context, so she’s out at a 9-5 which is often a lot more like 7-8 with commuting and overtime, so we really only get to spend a few hours each night together. I typically do the majority of cleaning and more recently cooking in the interest of freeing up her time, seeing as with covid I’m home pretty much all day and she works in an office setting.

So where I’m lost is, every so often she just kinda decides that the timing of everything is wrong and she needs to reform how she lives her life. Ordinarily what we do is meet up at our local train station when she gets home, grab any last minute things from the supermarket and come home to make dinner and relax and do whatever, though sometimes we end up just talking and sitting around cuddling after dinner and nothing really gets done.

This seems to be where the issue is, because tonight she just decided she’s sleeping alone and from tomorrow has basically implemented a strict schedule just for herself to follow to make sure everything gets done - this would be fine, but im a bit concerned. The reason being is, and this isn’t the first time something similar has happened, until she suddenly decides that this is all wrong she seems perfectly happy and then it feels like she makes it out to be my fault.

What I mean is, after we eat maybe we’ll cuddle, watch Netflix, normal couple stuff etc. and she’s totally fine (she despite generally often wanting to sleep at 10:30 decided to watch an hour long drama at that time) but when it ended and cleaning up took a little while bc there were a lot of dishes she just got a lot more serious and decided this pace isn’t working. Her behavior got a little colder and she basically just went to the other room, unfolded the extra mattress and without a word went to bed leaving me to hang up the laundry she put in... am I in the wrong here for not matching up everything to her schedule?? I’m feeling frustrated and probably need to cool off before bringing it up, but other than this I really enjoy living together and don’t want to mess it up. I guess I just want some second and third opinions.

Tldr; my SO likes schedules, and it feels like she’s pinning it on me when she does things that don’t match up with them, causing tension. [SEP]
TLDR: gf previously emotionally abused and bullied me but is now better and is apologetic. I don't know if we can stay together.



I'm really struggling to decide what to do. I have been with my girlfriend for 4 years now, and in the early days she struggled from pretty bad mental health problems (mainly relating to fear of abandonment) and as a result her treatment of me, looking back, clearly constituted emotional abuse and bullying. As a result, I have been pressurised into many things I was not prepared for (e.g. moving in together very early). However, she has since sought help for her mental health (and now the bullying is very rare) and she is now very apologetic for her past actions.

Despite the fact that things are so much better now (and even at the worst times we had great moments), I can't help feeling this will always be hanging over us (I feel it affects every minor disagreement we have), and if we keep going I will never have had the chance to really make the important decisions (like moving in together - now its been done, not living together would feel like going backwards?). This has been my only relationship and I don't know if I am missing out on experiencing a relationship that has not been tainted be emotional abuse? Equally, I don't know if I should just learn to live with things as she is so much better now? [SEP]
I took a long time finishing college and ended up moving back home at age 25 to work over the summer before jumping into the rest of my life. My parents live in a small, rural beach town where there is a housing scarcity but plenty of tourist industry work. I found a job, got into a good routine with them (paying no rent but doing my share of cleaning/cooking) aaaand almost immediately also fell in love with an older man in town. He has a good full-time career and owns a (tiny, cottage-style) house. We enjoy making art together, exercising, talking about everything, and are a good match energy-wise. I love him. I ended up staying in my hometown to be near him, but when COVID hit I started feeling trapped. He wasn’t totally ready to open up his home to me after living alone there for ~15 years (he has some icky bachelor habits that I need him to change first anyway), I couldn’t find anywhere else to live, and so two years later I still live with my mom and dad and go visit him a lot.

As for him, he is an only child of divorced parents who are actually the same age as my parents. They both live a few hours away. He sends money to both his mom and dad, drives up on weekends to take care of his mom’s house, and invites his dad to come stay for several weeks at a time. He calls them both everyday to check in and feels a big responsibility to take care of each of them.

My family is a very different dynamic since my parents have been married 40 years, run a church together, and have several kids and grandkids to share the familial duties = they are not lonely, and have a pretty solid community support. On the flip side my parents are super conservative, judgmental, and that causes challenges in my life (like I can’t stay at his house overnight while I live with them).

I like my bf’s parents and he likes my parents, but I find myself wishing that he and I met hundreds of miles away from either of them so that we could just live our life together as adults. I feel like between his work and taking care of his parents he doesn’t have enough time/energy to devote to me and get our relationship to the next step. By living with my parents at age 27 I feel like I also hinder our progress by not being independent enough—the frustrating thing is that I would LOVE to be more independent but stay in this town because of him. We’ve talked about marriage and kids and joining lives but I feel like he’s dragging his feet because he’s overwhelmed. But I feel STUCK. Any advice on my situation?

TL;DR I live with my parents in my tiny hometown and am starting to feel trapped, my older bf owns a house here but isn’t making moves to merge our lives because he’s too busy taking care of his own parents. [SEP]
So to make a long story short, a couple weeks after my big break up about three months ago, I sexted with a guy who used to be in my uni class just before covid hit (for context, I'm 26F). He used to be a bit flirty with me and I liked him, but I was in a relationship and never pursued it, obviously. Sexting was fun and hot and lasted a couple of days, during which I admitted I used to be into him and he seemed to be into me too, and we both made it clear we weren't after anything serious. After randomly cutting off some sexting saying he needed to help his parents, and a couple of unproductive back and forth messages, he left me on unread for a few days. Annoyed, I put him on "ignore" on Messenger so even if he did message me, I wouldn't see it. It can only be reversed if I message him again and for the sake of my dignity, I chose not to. He could still message me on another app and didn't, so I took it as confirmation. Well, what I didn't expect was that he'd suddenly show up in one of my (thankfully online) classes this semester, since he only joined in during the second class. Now it's just... a bit distracting for me. Like, a guy who described in detail what he'd like to do to me and shared very specific fantasies with me is sitting there in the little Zoom box, and listens to me talk about school stuff. It's hurting my ability to focus in class, and I have to take it - plus, it's a pretty small class, so there's a chance we would interact. I'm debating what to do now. Ignoring his existence is just kind of weird, but I also don't want to humiliate myself and seem desperate by contacting him. I have a fwb now so I don't need anything from him, but I kind of want to clear the air? Not sure how to approach this.
TLDR - I have a class with a guy who ghosted me and it's weirding me out, wondering if I should just ignore him or clear the air somehow [SEP]
Hey everyone,

I usually never really ask for help with relationship stuff (and maybe that's a problem) but I love reddit because its anynonomus, so here I go.

My partner (27M) and I (28F) got into a pretty big argument a few days ago, where we were both in tears by the end. I've had arguments in relationships before, but this one left me feeling pretty confused.

So, we were both in a recovery program and that's where we met. I decided to leave the program because I was starting to feel uncomfortable in meetings and I want to try other things. He loves the program and he says its helpful to him. As I was trying to explain to him my reasons for deciding to leave, I feel like I was upsetting him because he wouldn't let me talk about my reasons for leaving without interrupting me to tell me why hes likes it.

By the end of out conversation, he was telling me that I was being hurtful to him, and he didnt feel like he was being heard or respected. Meanwhile, I had called to talk to him about my decision to leave.

I feel like somehow I was being blamed for something I didnt do? Does anyone have experience with this and how did you handle it? Thanks in advance!

TL;DR What are my next steps with this relationship [SEP]
I’m 21.

I haven’t ever had a problem finding relationships, I started “dating” in middle school and all the way up until now (about to graduate college) I’ve always had a boyfriend.

I moved across the U.S after a rocky relationship of 2 years ended. Within a month, I met by now current boyfriend (28 M) and we’ve been inseparable since. We’ve been together about a year and half, within 6 months I snooped on him & found he was talking to women over Snapchat, sending nudes back and forth. I really liked him, he had characteristics that I was dreaming for in my precious relationship, so I got some advice from Reddit and tried to patch things up.

A few months later I snooped again, found he was not only snapping random women, but was sexting coworkers. Since this was within the same time frame as the Snapchat scandal, I thought it wasn’t fair to bring up old news, and swallowed the hurt.

Few days ago I was sleeping over at his house, woke up randomly in the middle of the night like I normally do, and couldn’t resist the urge to snoop again. Found he was once again paying other women to send him nudes. I want to mention I don’t think he’s slept with any of these women - I think it’s purely online, but that definitely doesn’t lessen the hurt.

I know I need to leave him, given him way too many chances and accepted way too many excuses. But I am afraid of being alone. Outside of work, I don’t talk to anybody (friends or family). We spend as much time together as possible. Outside of work, I don’t have many opportunities to meet people, so I have very little connection with anybody besides him.

I know this is crazy that I’ve stayed this long, but when I’m with him at least I can pretend I’m happy & loved. I think the thing that scares me the most is not that I couldn’t find someone else - it’s losing that routine & comfortability and intimacy.

How do I stay strong, leave him, and not come crawling back like I have in the past? How do I fight this fear? Any help would be tremendously appreciated, I feel so lost

TLDR: Found my boyfriend was paying women for nudes again, know I should leave but am afraid of being alone (which has stopped me from leaving in the past). How do I fight against the urge to stay in the relationship, just so I can pretend to be happy & loved? [SEP]
Ldr with this guy for over a year. He told me he was staying in the trailer in his parents backyard. But he was really in a motel. Then he told me his parents or 75% moved into their house and whatever I want it shows this still the same house that was updated a few weeks ago online then he said the reason he had to move into his apartment with his brother is because they would move too far away from his work well they still live in the same house and at first he said they didn’t know where they were moving and it was just about a week before they were supposed to move.

This doesn’t make any sense. I’m confused of what’s going on here. I don’t understand why he saying this and whenever I looked house online it showed his bedroom furniture still in the remodeled part of the house in his room they remodeled their house but he said their social they selling it also but his computer and everything was still in the room whenever I will drop and that was after you were supposedly move down but I don’t understand what’s going on here I’m confused because he did show a video with his refrigerator and it isn’t the one his parents have so he’s not living there unless his brother moved and he was visiting him. He wants me to visit him soon but I’m confused. What could be going on?

Tl;dr: confused about them moving [SEP]
I’m just about struggling out of a 2 year relationship with a cheating, lying, gaslighting, abusive probable narcissist. I have a 5 month old.

There’s a lot to come. We have already arranged child support informally. Co parenting and visits is yet to be ironed out (I imagine it will come down to him “visiting” a few hours here and there, as he hasn’t had any interest in being an equal parent), and I haven’t faced his emotionally abusive family yet either.

I’m in therapy currently and working on myself.

But here I am, suddenly a single mom and I’m just.... scared. I have support, thankfully, for which I’m so grateful. I’ve moved back in with my family who have been a supportive dream.

I know I have to do this to have even a shot at happiness for me, and for my innocent baby’s happiness.

But I’m scared. I know it’s not on my radar yet but I’m scared of being alone. Of navigating the dating field with a baby and how I even go about it. Of never having anyone to share my life with like that. Of missing intimacy. Of the emotional baggage and insecurities I might bring to the relationship.

I’m scared of explaining to my daughter why her friends have a “mommy and daddy” and she doesn’t. I’m scared of raising her alone. I’m scared that I’m not doing the right thing, that I’m being selfish and that maybe I should put up with misery in case he would be a “good dad” or change. That maybe I should because I have my part to play in falling pregnant with a man I barely even knew.

I guess I’m just looking for advice. Words. Experience. On how to start this journey.

tldr Newly single mom and terrified of the future. [SEP]
TL;DR: Feel great about my relationship, not great about my life conditions (going through a crisis about job / job performance/ job confidence, partner has been supportive of my crisis here). Is it OK to still propose?

Partner and I have been together for over 3.5 years and I want to propose to her (both early 30's). Relationship is amazing and frankly she's the person I want to be with for life. The topic of marriage has come up a few times organically during our relationship and it's something that we both see down the road eventually in our life together.

The issue I'm facing is that I have been having a crisis in confidence in myself - just started a new job that I don't feel happy with and my partner has been very supportive in getting myself through this. It's this feeling that makes me unsure if it's the right time to propose - I always imagined myself as proposing when a relationship is strong and I'm riding high in my life at that point, with both leading up to an idyllic moment. What is comforting is that while I'm not feeling the best about where I am in life on an individual level, my partner's support further reinforces how great I feel about our future together as a couple.

I'm realizing that the second condition is very centric on myself and I'm inclined to think I should go forward with the proposal based on my feelings about my partner and the relationship itself. I say this because while I'll endeavor to feel better about my current job, I can't guarantee when I will, but I am very sure about my relationship/partner. I liken this situation to if I had been planning propose and then suddenly lost my job.

While I know it's my decision, my question to Reddit is, do you think it's OK to propose when life conditions aren't ideal, but you're very sure about the relationship? Am I missing some considerations/frameworks I should think about before deciding to move forward? [SEP]
I (26F) think my title is kinda confusing so some context. Since I was around 9 ish, my dad had a series of strokes and other health problems. And for most of my life he was basically like not mentally there since all those strokes makes him almost invalid (i.e. really bad memory, needs lots of maintenance, can barely function on his own). When he was at home though, he was always extremely aggressive and violent. He got mad at the simplest thing like the news on the tv or being ignored for like a few seconds. The result was he was always cursing and screaming at my mom and I (me more for reasons explained later). Most of the time, he would get physically violent as well like throw punches or just like threating to hit someone with a chair. I don't remember what he was like before that, just that he worked a lot.

Me being my mom's kid, doesn't take shit so I around I guess when I was in my early teens I just learned to fight back. Naturally that comes with him getting mad and physical fights between us. I say that it happens to me more than my mom because my mom just tries to pacify. She would hold one of us back and beg me to just not make it worse. I kinda feel bad cus I had very little self-control as a teen (and kinda as an adult too since I have a short fuse but more manageable) so she was always stressed out.

This went on up until I was 17 which is around the time I just went to college (still stayed with my parents though). So I wasn't home a lot or would make excuses to stay in campus longer. It was just really hard for me not to get mad so I just minimize confrontation and hide in my room. When I was around 21, he died (and I was lowkey relieved tbh).

Before I didn't really tell my friends or anyone what happened at home. Well I opened up to my bf about what happened and he was mortified. Recently I visited my mom to help out and my sister (37) was there. She really loved our dad cus he was apparently great before (he doesn't know that) and was telling him about I guess? tbh I wasn't sure what they were talking about but he sorta mentioned that I say he was terrible. After that my sister got mad at me for talking shit about our dad and was saying it wasn't his fault that I got trauma because he had brain damage and wasn't in the right mind.

I was kinda over it and said I dont give a shit about what her experience was because for me it was abusive and we left. Bf was sorry for the trouble and I was like just not giving a shit about my sister.

After calming down, I was thinking maybe it was wrong to call it abusive when he clearly had brain damage or whatever mental problem going on and wasn't in the right state of mind.

tl;dr my dad got multiple strokes and became violent up until he died. I told my bf the way I experienced it but sister says I'm wrong in calling it abuse. [SEP]
I hate my SO's sister. It's so sinister and it makes me feel like an awful person. I just want to type this out and talk about it and it's totally okay to tell me I'm awful.

Anyways... My SO's sister that we stay with (it's a very long complicated story but basically his mother owns all the land and makes us put up with her), told me she's having surgery done for her endometriosis soon. I said to myself "Finally! Now you might stop being a lazy cnt and clean up your dog's sht". I have a one year old baby and I find it extremely disrespectful for her to not care that animal feces are piling up in the room she keeps it in. Especially with her being you know, my child's aunt. I've asked her to just put the dog outside and she says it's "inhumane". I've asked her to move the dog to the garage and she says "but he's away from people then". Yet the dog is in one room all day with no interaction. Also the cat she owns pees everywhere when it's in heat and she refuses to get the cat spayed. It is disgusting and I hate being home most of the time. I gave up because my SO is adamant that all the pills she takes makes her this way and to be nice.

Since I told her to go f herself after that, I was hoping that'd she really would f off but NO! She annoyingly enough keeps trying to interact with me and get me to do stuff with her while I honestly don't care if she died from surgery. That's how much I dislike her. She is self centered, I've been shown texts of her talking sht and saying that I attack her for no reason, and when she's been drinking on top of all her meds all she wants to do is talk my ear off when I don't care about anything she has to say. Why talk to me if you don't like me either? I try my best to stay away from her. Which is fairly easy to do when she's passed out all day, I love those days.

I talked with my mother about these feelings and that if she were to miraculously be able to have a child (which is what she's hoping for from the surgery as well) that I wouldn't do sht for the baby (unless of course the baby is in need) because she has been the worst aunt ever. If she suddenly realizes that hey maybe "animal feces and piss everywhere isn't healthy for a child" and does better, I might just be petty enough to get a dog and have it sht everywhere. My mother was mortified and suggested therapy. Also that I get my vengeful streak from my father.

All in all, I hate her. I hope she moves out and gets a rude awakening that all the pills she's hopped up on are going to stop eventually once she gets her surgery because she'll no longer need the pain management.

Tl;dr I hate my sil because she is a self centered, pill head who won't take care of her animals. How can I stop hating her so much? Is it not as big of a deal as I think it is? [SEP]
So this is embarrassing but during the pandemic my mental health really deteriorated to the point that I (23f) became completely emotionally dependent on one of my best friends (24f), which obviously has negatively impacted our relationship. We had had a perfectly functional and healthy friendship for 8 years before that having met at school.

Fortunately she's been really understanding since ironically she has a personality disorder that makes her predisposed to codependency, so she's done a lot of therapy around the subject, but obviously she's not really in a position to help me in a healthy way lol. But the point is she's willing to move past it once it's time.

I have recovered a lot mentally and I know the best way to get out of a dependent situation is to build up your life outside of that one relationship, which is fortunate as I'm moving in a couple of months so will have a fresh start and fresh friendships to build. The problem is, as I said, this is still months away and even once I'm there it will take time to meet people and build up a new social circle, but there's not really time to invest in anything where I currently live (especially as covid restrictions are still in place)

So my question is: what happens in the meantime? Prior to the unhealthy dynamic, we still used to catch up a couple of times a week and hang out in person a couple of times a month, so it technically wouldn't be weird to go back to that, but as long as I'm still living here and have a limited irl network of people I'm still vulnerable to falling into toxic patterns and expecting too much from her. I really don't want to damage our relationship any further than I already have, but I'm worried that distance for so long will damage it anyway.

TL;DR: I became unhealthily emotionally dependent on my friend due to poor mental health, she still wants to be friends now I'm doing better but it's several months until I stop being circumstantially dependent on her (if not emotionally), do we keep distance until then? [SEP]
Hey, I need help. My girlfriend of 2 years has always been the dependent type. We met in college through a dance team which we are both currently directing. She has a lot of personal issues stemming from her past relationships like major insecurity and jealousy issues and she can’t stand being alone. I enjoy being independent and having my alone time, but whenever we're apart she suffers. We've both had battles with depression over the past few years, but I've found better ways to cope while she hasn't.

As a result of the pandemic, our mental health has only gotten worse - hers drastically so. I really worry for her. Due to a situation involving COVID, she ended up basically living with me because her roommates didn't want her to come back until it was safe. It's been a month now and she hasn't been back to her apartment since. I feel like living together at this age is just way too fast for me and I feel like I have no personal space. It's starting to make me enjoy her company less. I love her a lot, but it's taking a toll on me because I'm her only source of happiness. She doesn't really have any other friends to talk to about her mental health and whenever I try to have serious discussions with her about our relationship, she breaks down crying and it becomes physically hard for her to speak so we usually end up forgetting about the conversation. I did try to communicate this recently though and she's highly considering getting help. Also, she said she will move back into her apartment soon.

I don't know how long it'll take for her to get help and to get better and I want to support her, but I don't know if I can date somebody that's so reliant on me for their self worth. I also don't want to break up with her because I love her and I don't want her to feel like I'm abandoning her. At the same time, though, I do miss being single sometimes and I don't think I want to spend the rest of my life with one partner, yet, which she has expressed desire in doing. She is my first long term relationship and she's supported me through so much like the death of my grandmother and my own depression (but not to the same severity). Also, I fear any complications that would happen with our mutual friends and with our team if we were to break up. I also fear she would give up dance completely.

What should I do? Should I wait until she can get help to decide anything? Should I try to ask for a pause in the relationship? Should I break up with her? This has been weighing heavily on my mind so I will appreciate all honest input. Thank you.

TL;DR My girlfriend is extremely depressed and I'm her only source of happiness. She's living with me and I feel like I have no personal space. She says she's going to get help and move back into her apartment soon, but I don't know how long I can wait because my mental health is suffering. What should I do? [SEP]
I [22F] (I actually pretended to be 22F) and a he [55M] a TV presenter!

I remember back in 2010 there were many jokes and sketches about online dating, where girls and boys used faces of some famous actors as their main pictures on facebook. Nobody will buy it nowadays (I hope) but new ways of lies appeared.

I've honestly tried to find somebody online to build some serious relationships eventually it turned out to be a huge field of scam. People who I talked to for months just wanted to get money from me. Yes. Get money. Some girls suggested to send nudes if I send them money etc. The funniest thing here is that most of these "girls" were actually guys :/

I REALLY hope I am the only one unlucky here, but in case you want to see how it works I made a detailed video based on my experience [SEP]
We’ve been seeing each other for about 3 months now and started a relationship a month ago. She knew that my mother was sick and that she did not have much longer. She said from the beginning she’d always be there for me.

Things got pretty serious between us pretty quick, because we had a strong connection and both know where we are going in life. Just two days before my mother passed away I asked her if she would come over if it were to happen, so she could support me. She assured me she would be there for me and skip work and online classes if necessary.

But now after my mother has passed, and I asked her to come over because I need her, she said she couldn’t come. She said she had some online classes to attend and it would not fit the schedule to come over, even though I told her she could attend them at my place.

After that she only checked in on me with a text message once, I said I wasn’t doing well. She has kept silent the last 24h.

I don’t know what to do. I feel really dissappointed in her.

If she doesn’t support me here, if feel like she won’t be there in the future when the going get’s tough. Should I just let her go?

TL;DR

My mother passed, i feel like my gf is making excuses to not come over and she is not supporting me in any way. Shoud I let her go? [SEP]
As a precursor, her and I both struggle with some mental health issues, me being bipolar.

We’ve been dating almost three months and those three months have felt great but the last couple of weeks it doesn’t seem like she really cares if i’m around or not. I never really get any affection from her without asking for it, and she constantly tells me nothing is wrong but i keep freaking out in my head over everything. She doesn’t talk to me much, she keeps trying to spend time away from me almost every day. We have a vacation planned for this weekend, and today we talked about things and she said everything is alright, but I just get this feeling it isn’t. [SEP]
Hello there wise people of reddit.

I know a guy from work, a supervisor who is a year older than me. I'm female by the way and an intern.

Immediately, I could tell this supervisor of mine liked me, since he did things men who have a crush does: stares when I am around, moves and leans towards me, tries to get my attention or make me laugh. We even share the same body language which is why everyone else also noticed the change in his behavior.

Fast forward a few weeks, my internship ended and I got back to school. Since I was curious about this supervisor and I knew his full name, I made a fake account on facebook to know more about him; this is where it gets interesting.

My supervisor is supposedly gay. He lives with another man and supports the lgbt+ community and is part of an organization which proves he must be an active supporter. Moreover there are pictures of him in women' clothes and make up.

Now, I'm not fully straight myself nor a sexual human being. I'm quite asexual, actually, though this gay man managed to make me curious about him in an emotional way and not sexual.

Yet, I am really confused. The signs and tension I felt during my internship was real and definitely mutual although I kept my cool pretty well. Does this even make sense? Why would a gay man act like this around me if he is in a relationship with another man?

I'm a horror fan and since I saw his cosplaying pictures, I keep thinking whether he wasn't interested in me but my face? I have a feminine face, round and youthful, almost like a teenager yet I'm past that phase in life. Am I just overthinking it? It feels like I just got the kind of face he would like to paste over his own manly one and that was why he liked to stare at it...

What do you think this was about?

Tl;dr: I learned that my supervisor was gay after my internship ended, but he kept showing an interest in me (female) now I can't inderstand if he genuinly liked me or not [SEP]
We married in 2013, by 2016 he (35M) wanted a divorce and it was finalised Aug 2020. We'd been living separately for about a year before the divorce was finalized but this anniversary hits different. I know I shouldn't still see this day as an anniversary, I just don't know how else to refer to it or ignore the day. The divorce broke me, there is no denying it. I've pushed to move on in every way but there is a wall of grief I can't seem to get around which affects my efforts. I can't even explain or understand where their grief comes from, but it's like living in muted colour with muted feelings. Does anyone have an advice to get past this grief?

Tldr: First anniversary after divorce, how do I stop grieving? [SEP]
We have been together for 2.5 years and are both 30. This last year we have been arguing more due to COVID lockdowns and I have struggled not seeing him. The first year of the relationship was brilliant. Very recently, we went through a period of not talking for a few weeks. I noticed one day he had liked his female friend's pictures (who is also a part time model).... one of these is a sultry selfie and I felt there was no need for him to do it. I probably felt even more insecure since we weren't talking as it is. I almost felt like him liking it during a period of us not talking was shady. Over this last year he has liked a few of her other pictures (mostly selfies, even though she posts other things) and again these likes are all during periods when we weren't getting on.

We started following each other on instagram in January 2019. We were official from November 2018. I scrolled further down and noticed that he had liked inappropriate pictures of hers in November and December 2018. Then as soon as I started following him he stopped. He stopped for a year, then continued again when our arguments started. Maybe this was subconscious.I have discussed this with him multiple times over the last few days. At first, I went mad after seeing the recent likes. He kept telling me I was crazy. A few days later, however, he told me he understood and that he'd stop liking female friends' pictures. He reiterated the same point, that they are just likes and there is nothing else behind it. He felt I was accusing him of cheating, but I told him I wasn't...that I just felt insecure and wanted reassurance. I didn't tell him exactly whose pictures were bugging me. Then yesterday, I still felt down about it and I sent him one of the pictures (from 2 years ago). I asked him why else he'd like a picture of her sexually posing in a tight fitted red dress with a thigh split, other than the fact it's a hot picture. He said that's not the reason why, and it's the same reason why he likes a lot of instagram pictures. He didn't feel it would matter this much to me, but again he understood where I was coming from. He said it won't happen again.

I went on her instagram today. He's removed all his likes from her inappropriate pictures while we have been together, and has kept the rest (pictures other than selfies). I kind of feel like it would have been great for him to not have liked them in the first place. The fact that he knew which ones to remove shows that he knows exactly which ones would have bugged me.

I am struggling with the fact that when I started following him he stopped, so surely he knew it would have been a problem for me. Could he be telling the truth about his reasons behind liking these pictures?

Tl;dr bf liked girls selfies, made me insecure, not sure if he’s telling the teuth [SEP]
So my(20f) childhood friend(21/22ish M) whom ive ‚reconnected’ (i use this term loosely) with after i moved away and only 2 years ago moved back. We text every 6 month or so, he usually forgets to text me back (doesnt have receipts on) just to text me after a couple of months, we chat for a couple of days and he forgets to text back cycle continues. I have a boyfriend(21M) of 1 year and while i was with my best friend, my childhood friend texted me asking if i wanted to come over for dinner sometime. She said to decline and said ‘you cant do that, thats basically cheating.’ I got confused, me and my friend are just that. Friends. But she disagreed saying that dinner with a man isnt ok. I told her that we go out for dinner a lot, im bi so the ‘no sexual attraction thing’ doesnt work either. She shrugged and said ‘it just does’ & we switched topics.

Now im kinda conflicted. I’m ofc going to tell my boyfriend, but what if he says no and gets jealous? Like a part of me gets it but then the other side thinks that that kinda jealousy is dumb and that he should ofc just trust me. Advice?

Tldr: male childhood friend asked if i want to come over for dinner, bff says its basically cheating, im not 100% sure [SEP]
Hi everyone. I'm a 26F and have been dating my bf (29M) for a little over a year. We met via an app, and immediately hit it off with texting after work from like 6pm to 2am constantly every night, Snapping, etc. We met in person a few weeks later and of course the late night banter thing died off, which I was alright with- it went down to some basic back and forth small talk daily in addition to us hanging out just about once a week. About 3-4 months into the relationship I felt a mood shift in that I felt like he was a little distracted, much more quiet and rather dry when we talked/hung out- and I panicked, thinking that he was losing interest, but I held on. I would say this went on for like 3 weeks but then thankfully it disappeared and I felt like he was back to his usual self. Around Christmastime (month 10) we were having a deep convo about our stress levels (he got a promotion in November, around the same time when I started my new job- so we were both going through a lot) and during that convo he confided in me that he dealt with very bad anxiety, panic attacks over work related things during that month 3-4 when I felt the mood shift. He told me that he even went to the doctor to be evaluated, and they offered him an antidepressant, but he didn't start it and slowly started feeling better. When he told me this I was so happy that he did, but also felt like I wish he told me while it was happening so I could've supported him and been there for him instead of being left feeling confused, ignored and almost rejected.

Fast forward to now- my boyfriend and I live 1 hour apart, which sucks- we still hang out usually weekly , sometimes once every 2 weeks due to our work schedules. But when we hang out we have a lot of fun- we love cooking together, bonfires, talking, and just being with each other without doing too much. He told me early on in our relationship that he honestly hates texting (makes more sense how the nightly banters died off quick), so I'd say sometimes we go 1, sometimes 2 days without texting and even when we do it is mostly small talk. Of course being 1 hour away from him, not seeing him more than once every 1-2 weeks leaves me feeling like I'm basically single in between our date nights bc we don't talk much. His career-driven personality (which I love) in combination with his ADHD, and anxiety, (oh and he is definitely more introverted than me too) - tends to make him focus on work and ONLY work ... so I get it, but sometimes I feel like he is going through things and struggling through them and doesn't tell me, or anyone. He doesn't need to text me constantly throughout the day but I would love for him to open up to me more, even in person too, just so he knows that I can be that supporter for him. Yet the last thing I want to do is be annoying, pester him into telling me things, and ultimately push him away. I love him a lot but I feel like this radio-silence most of the time in addition to him having trouble opening up to me makes me ultimately throw up walls myself in fear of him walking away from me.... so I guess the bigger issue here might be communication, but I don't know how to fix it without invading his space. .... ugh I could overthink this so much LOL.

If anyone out there has any experience dealing with an anxious , ADHD and/or introverted partner- I'm all ears.

We spent the holidays with each others families, and have 2 trips planned this year. Fingers crossed that the two trips we have planned will bring us closer together and help us mend our communication between each other.



TL;DR - My 29M boyfriend is career-oriented which is great, but that combined with his introverted ness, ADHD and anxiety makes it so we barely communicate when we're not together (hangouts about once weekly and our texting is basically small talk every 1-2 days). He has told me that he stresses a lot over work and even dealt with panic attacks last year over work related things, so I get it and I don't want to get in the way, nor do I want to overstep boundaries and invade his privacy/comfort levels but how do I get him to open up to me more? [SEP]
I don't write here often because I'm in a relationship, but I'm at a loss about what to do right now.

Some context: I just turned 32 and my partner is 27, and I'm his first girlfriend. We've been together for almost 3 years.

In general, things are great and my partner is loving and wonderful... except that he wants me to change my voice.

Basically, he says the way my voice sounds sometimes makes him feel "on edge" and "not comfortable". According to him, the problem is that I sometimes talk with my chest voice, which makes my voice sounds restricted, and that I sometimes have a slight vocal fry when saying certain things. He's also bothered by my breathing, as I sometimes have an unconscious habit (e.g. when we're lying on the sofa watching a movie) to hold my breath for a while and then let the breath go quietly. Apparently, this usually happens at night when I just generally talk a little softer to wind down, or when I get excited and try to tell him a story/explain something. All of these habits are very subtle, almost unnoticeable, and nobody else I know (exes, friends, family) has ever said that I have a problem with my voice. I've talked about this with friends and family, and everyone says I have a perfectly normal voice and they've never noticed anything like this.

According to him, the habits take place 1-2 per day and it's enough to cause a serious problem to our relationship. It's gotten to the point where he's said that he can't live with someone long-term that makes him feel uneasy like this, because he's a high-running person and just needs to be able relax at home. He's been to a psychologist a few times to talk about what he could do to not get so triggered, but nothing seems to have helped so far. He's has asked me to do yoga, breathing exercises etc. to try to breathe and speak from a deeper register, and I guess this is what I should do if I want us to stay together. I'm of course willing to work on myself, but something about this also makes me question if we're a good fit together. It's very hurtful when something so ingrained as your breathing or speaking patterns are subject to criticism from your closest person.

All in all, I'm at a loss about what to do here and I don't know if I can see things clearly anymore. Is it reasonable for him to ask me to change something so fundamental about myself as to how I breathe and speak (which nobody else seems to have a problem with)? Or perhaps we just aren't such a good fit together as we thought? What would you do in my situation? I'm willing to work on myself, but this problem has been going on for 1,5 years already and it hasn't gone away despite us trying to work on it.

TL;DR Boyfriend doesn't like my voice because I occasionally use chest voice and sometimes have a small vocal fry. Asked me to change it with yoga, breathing exercises etc, or else can't be with me long term. [SEP]
We've been together for 2.5 years. We met under fairytale like conditions and have spent most of the time living with each other or traveling together.

This year we moved into our own apartment together in a different country (no external network) and we are in lockdown together. The external pressure was huge which amplified the problems we've always had which resulted in some pretty bad daily fighting (screaming, character insults, etc).

After a few months I moved into a different apartment to get some space. Things are slowly rebuilding and despite the fact that we still have fights, they don't escalate to the same level they were when things were really bad.

My GF [26F] is very persistent in trying to make it work and not give up on things. She expresses a lot of love towards me and has a burning desire to feel loved. She is trying hard to make things better and adapt to some of my wants/needs.

The problem is I'm struggling to reciprocate this. After having come so close to breaking up, I spent so much time reflecting on things, journalling, speaking to a therapist, and rationalizing all the reasons why I'd rather be single and not in a LTR. Now trying to mentally commit again is quite hard for me and I just don't feel the spark as much. I'm starting to idealize being able to date other people, and I've even begun to feel slightly less sexually attracted to my partner.

I'm realizing that I'm in a new stage of the relationship which involves more work and commitment. It was easy to commit at the start of the relationship when things were smoother and I was head over heels. Now it feels like commitment will involve constantly telling myself the grass isn't greener on the other side, spending so much time/energy on managing our conflicts and improving communication, giving up some of my personal freedoms.

For me personally, I'm starting to believe that it isn't worth it. I'm likely not going to want to raise children before the age of 35. My girlfriend is on the same side as me but that would mean 9 more years of navigating our relationship and then starting to raise a family. If the flame is already out now, I can't imagine how much harder it will be to manage the relationship in 9 years. This makes me think I'm wasting my time & energy which I could spend being single and focusing on myself and my own interests for another 5-8 years.

Does my thought process sound flawed? What else is there that will make it worth fighting for despite the flame already weakening? What is the point of being with someone after the honeymoon feelings are over if you don't share a similar meaning (e.g raising children, working on a shared project, etc)? [SEP]
So I'm not sure if this is the sub to post this to. I don't really know where I am looking for advice here either.

I'm a 20 year old guy (not sure if that's relevant). My question is that, how do I come to terms with the fact that people close to me will eventually die?

With all the deaths happening around us during this pandemic, I can't help but think about death every day. Someone I know recently lost their loved one, and I keep going over how I'm going to cope when eventually I am faced with it? Talking to or spending time with my grandparents (I still have both my paternal and maternal grandparents with me), is always such a bittersweet thing because I can't stop thinking about how I'm going to cope when they're gone. I can't imagine how I'm going to see my mother, father and sister struggling to cope. Then there's thoughts like "maybe I wasted a lot of time, time which I could've spent with them."

It guilts and hurts me so much to even write something like this. I feel like crying. I can't stop thinking about this every single day.

TL;DR: How to come to terms with death. [SEP]
TLDR: I [22, F] am way off track with my fitness goals and want to stay consistent and disciplined for the next few months. But my grandmother [8?, F] wants me to visit. She is lonely after my grandfather just passed 2 months ago. The rest of the family expects me to visit for weeks at a time since I work from home. But I won't be able to maintain my fitness regimen at my Grandma's house. I'm worried I don't have a good enough reason to postpone my visit.

I've been super into fitness for about 4 years straight, excluding the pandemic year. For me, working out is solitude, but in a good way. It helps with anxiety and gives me more motivation to be disciplined in other aspects of my life.

When stay-at-home orders hit, I kept up with my fitness regimen for a good minute. But with infographic after infographic urging me to rest easy in these times compounded with the lackadaisical schedules of the largely unemployed people around me, I took a break.

Plus, my need to be present at many family obligations threw off my consistency. First, my dad had a corona wedding. Then, my grandfather died and in addition to attending his funeral, my grandmother expected me to stay with her for an extended period of time so she wouldn't be alone. The next month I had to help my sister move.

(These events were all out-of-state and although I'd like to not travel during the pandemic, obligation trumped my own interests. For the record, I did quarantine post-travel and used all the recommned precautions to stay safe, including the use of a face shield.)

The break was short (about 3 months) but largely based off my upbringing I lack self-control when it comes to food. Fitness is the only thing that inspires me to make meal plans that, I should mention, aren't restrictive in nature, but keep me grounded all the same.

Long story short, I gained 25lbs.I consider myself to be body-positive, but whether I lose weight or not, I figure it's time to get back into fitness.

But since I have no kids; no serious romantic partners; work at home; and to boot, my family is relatively traditonal -- based on conservative idealogies and duty by blood -- I'm expected to visit my grandmother yet again, so she won't feel so alone.

I would like to put this off as long as possible, ideally 3-4 months so that I can re-build a consistent fitness routine and get back in shape. Right now, I'm still at the point where exercise hurts and makes me feel queasy. Maintenance -- up until now, leastways -- has always been the easy part for me.

The thing is, my grandmother wants me to come in May. And I'm not sure "fitness" is a valid excuse to postpone. My family is socially conservative. I know my grandmother doesn't even like the idea of me being outside at night or early mornings, because I'm a woman and it's not safe, so this squeezes out the best time for my workouts, especially of the cardio variety. I also can't exactly carry my weights on an airplane -- and my family doesn't think muscles are 'womanly' anyways.

Am I an asshole for wanting to put off this particular family obligation just for my own vanity? And if not, what's the easiest way to tell my grandmother (and the rest of the family) that I won't be visiting her any time soon? [SEP]
We have been best friends for 2 years and our relationship has been up and down all the time. She's a difficult person and she's been through a lot and she's got her own battles, family problems, and issues. I get that these things might be the reason why she's that way but it shouldn't justify her actions. She's always up and down - one minute the most caring, funny, and loving person in the world the next she forgets about my existence stops texting, or acts cold. She gets so defensive, cold, and hurtful every time we fight and it feels like she's ready to give up on us while all I want is to fix things between us and be able to be close again and it triggers my anxiety.

At the begging of our friendship, I didn't really care about her and her issues I wasn't dependent. She wasn't a big part of my life and I was happier, I had my own goals, plans my behavior wasn't the same I was judgemental and harsh to her because I didn't care about what she thought of me but at least I wasn't experiencing any emotional difficulties when things were that way. But back then she would do anything to get involved in my future plans and my life, in general, she said she wanted to move abroad with me and she didn't care about anything and anyone else but me, while I didn't want to get that involved with her maybe because I was scared of her hurting me and ruining my plans, she kept sharing very personal things, she was texting me every day. So as time went by I let her closer, I set aside my trust issues but I got more dependent I fixed everything about my behavior she said that bothered her because she decides if some of my actions are hurtful and I try to be the perfect friend to her. It’s enough for her to point out a thing that bugs her and I change it and act accordingly… I got very considerate. But she's the opposite every time we fight she gets defensive, harsh, and hurtful.

Her mood affects my life if she's sad so am I etc. I find myself constantly thinking about her and even dream about her but I don't think I'm sexually attracted to her at all. I try to control myself and not be that attached and desperate but when I don't text her for a day as she does often she texts me and asks me what's wrong and acts all lovely again I act the way she does and I'm suddenly "acting cold" so I go back to the old patterns. I think our issues just collide and our traumas make us really confusingly toxic towards each other and it's not like we don't communicate, we really do but nothing changes.

I feel like I'm giving more than I'm receiving and she probably feels the same but I see my anxiety worsening and I get panic attacks thinking about our friendship I get nauseous, I can’t sleep at night, I don’t eat for days and I'm sure she doesn’t feel things as violently and it feels like she doesn’t care as much as I do. Her inconsistency drives me crazy. I've never experienced something like this ever. I never thought I’d be like this I don’t have family problems and both my parents are doing a great job so I don’t know where my attachment issues are coming from. I don't want to let go of this person maybe because we’ve been through a lot together or because of the familiarity or simply because she’s the only person I let in somehow I just crave the love I used to receive but I see that she is getting distant now and now we text once a week and it hurts she told me that the love is still there and it will always be but things have changed.

tl;dr: I need help with my attachment issues, I know most of you will suggest therapy but I can’t tell my parents that I’m attached to my best friend and I need therapy that’s just not it. [SEP]
Exactly what the title says. This is my second relationship where I‘ve had this issue and both boyfriends continued despite me stating it bothered me multiple times. I feel disrespected and disregarded. Some points I would like to make:

By random girls, I mean following/liking girls he doesn’t know IRL. (He’s definitely followed a bunch of girls AFTER we started dating as well.)

He knows that my ex did this and that it bothered me, so he went out of his way when we first started dating to show me his Instagram and ‘prove’ his feed wasn’t like that. Turns out that’s not true because I see him posted up on random pages.

These girls don’t resemble me in the slightest which does make me feel insecure. It makes me question why he chooses to be with me if I’m not his type.

The thing that bugs me the most is that he continues to do it even though he knows how much I’m bothered by it. Is it too much to ask?

I don’t even know why I posted this. I guess I just want other people’s opinions/standpoints. Does your significant other do this? This isn’t something I would break up with him over, but it does bother me a lot.

EDIT: For those advising me to break up with him, I just feel that it’s not the greatest offense in the world and not worth breaking up over. I appreciate your input though.

TL;DR: BF continues to like/follow girls on social media even though I’ve voiced that it bothers me on multiple occasions. [SEP]
So.

I love my girlfriend, I really do. February 23rd was our 2 year anniversary.

I have intense anxiety and that leads to insecurity, which leads to clinginess.

Roughly 8 months ago, I went with my girlfriend and her family to the beach. Before this, we were a completely happy couple, no issues anywhere. Like two infertile bunnies practicing for babies. During our trip, I started getting insecure about myself because she wasn't spending as much time with me, and that lead me to push her for more time, which led her to feel smothered. I made the mistake of asking for sex too many times, to which she gave in.

I had always prided myself in being someone who would never pressure anyone for sex for any reason, but in my anxiety and insecurity, I became the type of person who I hate most.

I had not realized that she had felt pressured to have sex with me until early February of this year. That whole time, she had been suffering through our relationship, feeling uncomfortable near me, and slowly being less intimate with me over the months, which led me to overthink about why, and not realize that it was entirely my fault that she had been feeling this way.

I am incredibly remorseful for my actions, and I have apologized to her multiple times. She still seems to be harboring feelings against me due to this incident. Hurts, yes, but I fully understand.

Today, she told me that she has been unhappy in our relationship really ever since the incident happened at the beach. Honestly, I had been feeling the same way, but because I have been unhappy with myself for doing what I have done to her. I let her know that I love her, that I never meant to hurt her, and that I want to stay with her because I want to make her happy.

She gets very guarded about her past. She had a very rough childhood, and a terrible father who cheated on her mother, then left them in the dust, essentially. Today said something along the lines of, "This [pressure for sex] is the second time this has happened to me," and refuses to speak anything more about it. When we started our relationship, I was under the impression that we were both virgins, and the way she said that makes it sound like she was taken advantage of before we started dating. I told her that I would not judge her for what she had done, although it kind of hurts to know that she hadn't been entirely truthful to me.

I need to know how to talk to her about her past, how to make reparations for what I've done to her, and how to stop being so god damn insecure about every little thing.

Any piece of advice will help.



TL;DR: Made my girlfriend feel pressured for sex, and the relationship has been slowly crumbling for the past eight months. Girlfriend is also very guarded by her past, which makes it difficult for me to know how not to trigger her at some points. [SEP]
Okay so we need advice...there's a friend and we don't know what to do. We both have a little of a history. we tried dating last year and it didn't work out but life happened and we're in contact again and got really really close. Shortly after we agreed on being 'special friends' but I realized I still have feelings for him but he doesn't for me so we decided to put an end on it and not do anything. Here's the problem we somehow have developed separation anxiety by this I mean it's really hard to not be around each other and even sleep. We technically don't speak to each other as just friends and we say we want to let the feelings part go and remain just friends. How can we do this and most importantly, how can we get rid of the anxiety? Thanks in advance.

TL;DR My friend and I want remain friends but we have separation anxiety from each other. [SEP]
My (38M) husband and I (38F) have been together 15 years, married 8 years. one kid (3yo). We separated August 2020 due to a variety of reasons. Too much drinking on both sides. Unresolved issues that would be brought/fought about when drinking. Untreated depression/PTSD for him. I asked him to go to couples counseling for the previous 3 years. I bought my own house in November 2020. He had been dating someone since September 2020. FF to March 2021, he says he wants to try and work things out, and is open to counseling. He broke up with the GF. We both quit drinking for the month of April for different reasons. IDK if I'll go back to drinking. He's stated he will. Therapists are booked out. I'm sending him podcasts in the meantime. This morning he brings up concerns (liking living a lone). The gist of which came down to staying married, but living apart. Anyone else do this?

TL;DR Husband wants to stay married, but live separately. [SEP]
I am 21 (female), he is 21 (male). He’s my best friend and the only person I trust. We started dating when we were 13 in March 2013. We started living together once we moved away for school in September 2017. September 2019 I decided to take time off school to focus on my mental health. October 2019 I lost my job. January 2020 I got a new job and also realized my relationship wasn’t going great. We both struggled with emotional difficulties. He had trouble with understanding / being considerate of others feelings and also understanding / regulating his own feelings, he had a temper, and he got defensive. I had trouble with anxiety, depression, and I was dependent on him. We both have experienced trauma in our own ways but have always been there for each other at the end of the day. March 2020 arrived and with it came COVID. I lost my job again and was not doing well mentally. Neither was my boyfriend. May 2020 I suggested that we take some time apart to figure out if / how we can make this relationship work. July 2020 I moved back home with my dad and step-mom. We had agreed that this was a break and that we were open to seeing other people in that time. August 2020 I was in a dark place and for reasons that are nothing more than self-sabotage and hurt and stupidity and anger and pain and distraction, I had a threesome with a couple I met on tinder. I immediately regretted my decision because I knew it would hurt him even though we had agreed there were no restrictions during the break. As I assumed, he was hurt. He didn’t want anything to do with me. By September 2020 we had seen each other a bit and he was warming back up to the idea of being in each other’s lives. October 2020 we essentially got back together. I was still living with my dad and step-mom but I would go spend time at his place pretty often. We never really talked about what happened but things seemed to be doing better. Things seemed to be good. At least I thought so. In the last couple weeks, I’ve been giving him some space, as final exams are coming up. Then, yesterday, almost out of nowhere, he texted me saying we needed to talk. He said he had never gotten over what happened and that he feels he’s always gonna feel some sorta resentment towards me and what I did. He told me he still wants to be friends and be in each other’s lives. He came and saw me today to see how I was doing and give me one last kiss. He knows I don’t really have many other people to talk to and he said he will always love me and care about me and so he wants to stay friends. Anyways, I spent the last 8 years thinking I was gonna marry my best friend. I was young. I was stupid. I was naive. But I really do love him. He knows me better than anyone else, has been there for me through the darkest of times, I have shared every single part of myself with him. I don’t have a relationship with my mother and I have a not-great one with my step-mother. My dad and I are okay but we just don’t have the type of relationship where I can really open up to him. Same with my oldest sister. My other sister and I used to be very close but we got in a fight last year before I moved back in with my parents and she hurt me and although I’ve forgiven her, I’m not ready to be vulnerable around her and talk to her like that again. I don’t really have many friends. I have one but sometimes I just don’t feel like I can really fully talk to her. I also have no job, no school, and no idea what I’m doing. And now no partner. The only thing I thought I knew for sure in my life was that I was gonna marry my best friend. And now I know I’m not. And that’s the only thing I know. What do I do know? [SEP]
My boyfriend and I have been dating a year, best friends for two. Today I told him that my love language is receiving gifts, and all I would like is something small to know he’s thinking about me every once in a while. I give him gifts a lot but this isn’t his love language and I understand.

I asked him how he thinks he shows love so I can try and understand so I don’t expect things I shouldn’t from it and I accept how he shows love. He called me kinda materialistic because I asked for flowers and that bothered me too.. but then he says he shows love by not cheating on me. Staying faithful to me is his love language. Is that not a really weird thing to say?? I really, really could be over thinking something dumb but would this bother you? [SEP]
My (27m) boyfriend and I (24F) got into an argument last night about something we always argue about. We were watching this show and I noticed that he was ogling at one of the actresses. Now I dont care that he finds other people attractive, but when I told him I noticed how he was looking at her, he denied it and told me I was making things up like always. This isn’t the first time we have had an argument relating to something like this. It’s something that’s happened since the beginning of our relationship, especially being that I’ve never felt like I’m his “type” especially after some comments he made about what he finds ideal (FYI I dont fit those) He also looks at these women in a way he doesn’t with me, at least not anymore. When I bring up my insecurities and my upset ness, he tells me it’s stupid and wrong to feel like that because he doesn’t think he’s doing anything wrong and will dismiss how I feel. I rarely get compliments from him, there’s little to zero reassurance in situations like these and he also gets mad when I bring up anything like this. Am I doing something wrong or is there something I can do? I’m tired of feeling like this all of the time [SEP]
(we're both 16)My girlfriend of 7 months broke up with me last week for no apparent reason. We've been really good together and we haven't had any major problems or big fights. I genuinely love her and it seemed like she loved me too until a week before she broke up with me. She told me that she was having a hard time with some stuff and she wasn't really feeling herself. I tried to get her to talk about what was going on and if she was okay but she wouldn't say anything. Our school went virtual for a week and a half after spring break and we didn't see each other over spring break at all so it was about three weeks that we hadn't seen each other. She stopped texting me as much, sometimes not at all for a day. We were always really open with each other so when she called me at night and said that she's breaking up with me it made me really confused and sad. Just hours before we were having fun texting each other and everything seemed fine. She told me that she just lost feelings and doesn't feel the same way for me anymore. Our relationship wasn't abusive or toxic at all. We had a lot of fun together and we had a lot of first with each other regarding "alone things". Her family also love me and I loved them too, and the same with her and my family. She is the perfect girl for me. She told me about her biological father you passed away from an overdose when she was young, and she told me that since that happened she made a promise to him that she would never do any drugs ever and she promised that to me too. Today during school though between nearly every class she went into the bathroom and she's been hanging out and talking to a girl in our school that has been suspended and expelled from our school for over half the year for having and doing drugs in school. It's concerning me a lot and scaring me because when I confronted her about it today and asked if she was doing drugs or vaping she got extremely defensive and wouldn't give me an answer. She doesn't seem like herself anymore. I used to go to her locker during passing time and we would be there hugging for several minutes because she wouldn't want to let go, and after that I would walk her to every class. But now whenever I try to talk to her she always backs away from me and she looks mad and disgusted and it seems like she's scared of me. We use to talk about our future sometimes. We both wanted to have kids eventually, I told her that I wanted to have a baby girl first. I wanted to spend the rest of my life with her and I still do. I can't just let go of her like this. I don't understand why she wants to just leave like this and forget about all the time we spent together. She wants nothing to do with me now. She isn't the type of person that would do this the way she did it. It doesn't make sense that she doesn't want to try to talk about this and try to make it better and fix it. She's too perfect and to special to me for me to let her go. I can't just move on and find someone else because I know that she is the best there is.

I just really need some help and some advice. I want to fix this.

I'm sorry that this is kind of all over the place. I'm just going through a lot of distress right now.

I know there is more important things going on, and there are more important posts on here than this but if anybody takes the time to read the mess that I just posted please comment something to try to help me. It would mean a lot to me. [SEP]
Hi everyone,

So backstory:

In mid-to-late 2019, my friend (26F) met this guy (A, 30M) at work. They hit it off immediately and went on a couple dates. Friend would tell A that she was usually very cautious and wasn't sure about this whole "dating someone from work" situation, but he would tell her that there was nothing to worry about and that everything was fine. Fast forward a week or so, and Friend finds out that A actually has a girlfriend, Friend ends things with him but they both keep joking/flirting (feelings are complicated I guess??), A proposes to his gf (probably out of guilt) which obviously didn't last long, etc. At this point A switches jobs, so Friend and him are no longer in contact. Then quarantine hit. A, who is now single, finds Friend's IG, and decides to follow and message her. Friend and I talk about it and she decides to message him essentially that he is an asshole and he has done too much harm, and end it there. Unfortunately, it did not end there - from messages it went to friendship, from there friends with benefits, etc. While Friend has said time and time again that she does not want to be in a relationship with A, she is basically his girlfriend now.

I am someone who believes that people can change and I try not to judge people who have cheated, but Friend constantly complains about A. There is a constant hot-and-cold element in their relationship, ex. throughout this past year A has told Friend multiple times that they "shouldn't be doing this" and just ghosts her for a few hours or days, then comes back like everything is fine. Recently he basically tried to end the relationship and told Friend to not contact him, to give him a month, but he starts texting her literally the next day. That screams manipulative to me, especially because he has done this a few times when he is upset about something that happened, usually something he did wrong, and he simultaneously victimizes himself and calls himself a bad person. One time this happened when Friend just casually mentioned a story of a date that happened years prior. However, Friend usually justifies his behavior in her mind on way or another, or she is made to be the understanding one. They are open with one another and talk about emotions a lot and that seems to be the appeal to her, but is it worth it? I just don't like this dude at all, like if I had to describe A he seems to me to be just a sad artsy fuckboy. All her friends hate him which has actually caused some drama*. She can do what she wants of course, but idk...sometimes, if all your friends hate your boyfriend, there's a reason. She has asked for advice from us, but doesn't really take it.

I don't really know what to do about the situation. I know I can't control her and make her breakup with A because it's her life and I don't want to control her, but it's frustrating hearing her complain about him and nothing changing. Every time I see her, she is usually complaining about A or the drama with another friend that spawned from A*. I want to be there for her as a friend. Help?



*She invited A over without telling our friend/her roomate during pandemic and roomate walked in on them (not meaning sex), which made roomate upset. Inviting A over was not a good decision for multiple reasons but spiralled into an issue of her wanting freedom in her living space and tension between the two (roomate wasn't exactly in the right either with some things he said but that's another story) [SEP]
5 months ago I texted another girl to meet up whilst drunk when I was exclusively dating this girl (we had agreed not to see other people). We were on an extended break from school due to COVID where we were on opposite sides of the country. We weren't BF/GF quite yet, but fairly close. Ultimately, me and this other girl never met up because she was in for the night. About a month after this incident happened me and the girl I was dating reunited and I asked her to be my official girlfriend a week later. Our relationship has been honestly perfect since I asked her to be my girlfriend and have never had a moment such as the one I had 5 months ago.

How do I let this go and why do I feel so guilty? I so badly want to tell her to relieve this guilt, but isn't that totally ridiculous? Nothing happened and since we've been in an actual relationship I've only had eyes for her. [SEP]
My wife is giving me the silent treatment and won’t let me touch her because she caught me rubbing it on her while she was asleep. She cried and said I sexually “assaulted” her. I apologized multiple times but she still won’t talk to me. I kind of knew she wouldn’t be okay with it but I didn’t think it was such a big deal. She never mentioned to me that she was r*ped or assaulted in the past, so I have a feeling she might be exaggerating so she could avoid having sex with me.

Edit: I know what I did would technically be considered assault and I didn’t mean to hurt her. But I still think her reaction and silent treatment is unreasonable. Especially when I have apologized many times.

[SEP]
Where to begin?

My girlfriend and I have been dating for about a year and a half and it's been good. For a majority of that time we were a monogamous couple. Throughout the relationship we have kind of struck a balance in between things we do together and being alone. For the record, she is very outgoing and adventurous. While I am more introverted and prefer to be at home. Within the last couple months it's been getting more out of balance. I have pulled away because of my addiction to gaming, and I will fully admit that I haven't been fully giving her all of the attention she needs. About 2 or 3 months ago I suggested that we might explore an open relationship. I just asked that she stick with women because she's bisexual and I cannot give her that same satisfaction. I didn't really plan on getting anyone for myself, I just wanted to see her happy.

The last few weeks have been very Rocky as she has begun a relationship with a trans woman. I let her know that I didn't think I could handle that. I am constantly battling two different philosophies in my head. There's my gut reaction that I learned from being raised in a conservative household, and then there is my more open-minded philosophy that wants to accept her. It's been a very rough couple of weeks trying to find a way to deal with my issue. And I believe I've come to the conclusion that I just want a monogamous relationship.

Today she got back from a road trip with the woman she's seeing, and I explained my feelings to her. She says that she doesn't want to choose, and that she likes the feeling of being free. I love this woman so much but I don't think I can handle being in a non-monogamous relationship. Every Time I think of the situation I get sick and very anxious. These feelings have been pulling me in all sorts of directions. I love my girl with all my heart and I want to spend my life with her, but I can't deal with this. I can't find a way to cope. If the roles were reversed there would be no question that I would choose her above my freedom.

She wants her freedom and happiness and I just want her. [SEP]
i am going to start writing a little note in my phone every time my boyfriend hurts my feelings/makes me cry. im obviously not going to count the times when im feeling hormonal or oversensitive- im talking when i feel he really fucked up and hurt me. im never going to tell him or show him but im just curious and want to make sure im being treated right. i predict that it will only be maybe once a month because it’s not like he makes me upset often. is this unhealthy? should I not do this? [SEP]
Hi everyone! I was wondering if I’m overthinking this situation and if anyone can give me advice as to how u can move on:

I was in a group of friends with this girl, I don’t know how it started but she began to isolate me from the group (elementary school). She began to use my food allergies against me (giving everyone else treats and snacks she bought and then never getting anything for me) (I know this sounds stupid sorry...). But I still really liked her, or wanted her to like me. I learned about what she liked and tried to like it too since it made her happy. But our group would fight her a lot, and for some reason the blame was out onto me.(eventually I found out I was a scapegoat for my other friends when they fought her, so she thinks I was the cause of the drama). I wasn’t an angel either. Because I was angry at her being mean, I was mean back. I told my friend I would not come to her birthday if that girl was there and she heard.

Now fast forward to senior year of high school. After reading some self help books and taking time to mature, I was regretting that I contributed to this drifting apart. So I called her. I was nervous and told her that I was so sorry about all that I did to her and all the misunderstandings that happened between us. But the phone call turned bad as soon as I told her it was me... she listened though. Then after I finished saying sorry she told me thank you for the apology but it was three years too late and that she never wants to talk to me again.

I understand that it is her choice to forgive, but I just really don’t know how to forgive myself sometimes. I have a hard time because she was one of my first friends and one that I really valued. [SEP]
I gave my boyfriend a necklace for our 1 year anniversary. I put a lot of time and effort into ordering this custom necklace for him. He already broke it once and then hid it from me until I noticed he wasn’t wearing it and he confessed. I was annoyed that he hid it and disappointed it was broken but we talked about it and I let it go. Sometimes he’s not the most responsible person in the world so I kind thought he was being irresponsible with it, but I tried to give him the benefit of the doubt. Our friend was able to fix it so it wasn’t an issue. So fast forward 2 months later and he broke it again. He hid it from me again until I noticed. I was mad that he hid it again after we talked about him not doing that and I was disappointed that he broke it for the second time. Our friend wasn’t able to fix it this time. He said he would get it fixed. He didn’t. I asked him about it a couple times and he gets irritated that I ask. I eventually told him that the necklace that I gave him was important to me and that if he doesn’t prioritize getting it fixed I’m going to feel hurt and we’ll probably argue about it. He was irritated that I brought it up again but said he understood. Days passed. He didn’t get it fixed. I subtly brought it up to him 2 days ago and he said he was going to take it somewhere that day. He didn’t. I’m starting to feel resentful. I gave to him with love and he’s just acting like he doesn’t care about it. When I gave to him he wore it everyday which I’m trying to keep in mind but then why not get it fixed? I regret giving him the necklace and I’m hurt. What do I do? Should I let it go? Right now I’m acting like everything is fine Bc he just gets irritated when I bring it up. [SEP]
Sorry this is gonna be a long one, since context is everything.

My (22F) boyfriend (24M) and I have been together for 6 months. Weve meet each other’s friends, and I have met his family (although that took so much effort cuz he was very conflicted about bringing me to his family) We’ve been going thru some rough patches because of our differences in needs and also uncertainty about the future. I’m struggling a lot with anxiety and loneliness because quarantine and things that are going on with my life, and my childhood trauma also contributes a lot of my insecurity and anxiety in the relationship. I’m someone who likes to spend a lot of time connecting and talking. He is someone who needs a lot of space and deals with his issues by clamming up and dealing it on his own. At first I had a hard time understanding that his need for space has nothing to do with me, so I spent a lot of energy in the push and pull dynamic which was very exhausting. We do spend a lot of time together - I usually go over to his place on Friday night and leave Monday morning. Sometimes go over during the weekday too. But we spend majority of the time just chilling, working on our own thing and just coexisting, we usually spend a day doing throngs together and have little bits of connection time here and there. There were some weeks where I overextended myself and stayed at his place for too long (like 5 days in a row) because I was going through some things and wanted to have his company/support. But those days would turn into us getting stressed out and him eventually asking me to leave. Every time that happened I was a little hurt because I really needed his support. What more hurt me was that after l left he didn’t really contact me although he knew I was struggling/upset. I understand he has his limits and he’s not my emotional support pet but I wish he was just more attentive and I felt a little neglected. I feel like I get more clingy because I can feel him pushing me away. Now every time Monday morning comes i just get really anxious about whether he’s just waiting for me to leave or if he wants me to stay. When I ask him he’s usually like I don’t mind either which makes me even more anxious.

My boyfriend has reassured me that he wants to be with me when we had a few fights, but he has mentioned that he was feeling lazy, which I didn’t really appreciate but understood as I thought maybe he was getting overwhelmed by everything with us and also the things going on with his life. And one day he admitted he felt like he wasn’t very good at being committed because he is unsure about our future, as I might be leaving the country (and it’s out of my control so it’s not my decision). It hurt me but it was also validating as I felt like the anxiety I was feeling like he was pulling back or wasn’t giving me 100% wasn’t just all made up in my head. he reassured me he will give me 100% while we can be together. He also told me he will be very stupid to leave me as he’s never met anyone like me before and he deeply cares about me. That made me feel so much better and I could finally feel like I could feel secure in the relationship. I was finally at ease. Then last weekend my boyfriend dropped this bomb saying he wasn’t sure about monogamy anymore, and was thinking about it for a few months. I asked him if he wanted to have an open relationship (where we would still be committed to each other but allowed to see other people with boundaries and rules) He said he wanted to go back to “dating phase” where we are both not tied to each other. He said he doesn’t necessarily wanted to see other people, but he felt like he was pressured, felt like my needs weren’t being met by him, and he wasn’t sure if he wanted to stay committed when we don’t know if I’m going to stay in the country. He said he wanted to start slowly creating distance before our eventual breakup when I leave so it will hurt less. We’ve discussed that long distance relationship would be out of the equation. If it was my decision to leave I would understand, but since it’s out of my control I felt like he was abandoning me. I got very emotional and told him I would rather break up since I’m not sure if I could handle the emotional turmoil it could bring me and I’d rather let him go. We had a little moment where we were about to break up (I was gonna leave his place but then I couldn’t bring myself to do it) then started talking again. We had some more convo, I saw him cry for the first time ever and I told him I want to stay with him. He told me he also doesn’t want to break up but wants to figure out what would both make us happy. I told him I want to stay exclusive, but I understand he feels pressured and we can take things slow. We decided to come back to the conversation, made dinner, talked a bit more where he apologized to me that he wasn’t reciprocating my love/affection enough but he thinks I’m incredible, he admires me in many ways and I deserve to be loved. I told him I felt like I was putting too much pressure on him and him being himself is enough for me. We cried a little bit more, and the next day we had a normal pleasant day. But I felt like we didn’t come to a clear conclusion. The next day I had a dream where I saw him having sex with another woman and that really upset me. He asked me if I was okay and I told him about the dream (I didn’t accuse him or anything I was just like i know it was just a dream but it was really upsetting). He said he will never cheat on me, and I told him I’m not sure if I could handle him being with another person even if it’s an agreed thing through non-monogamous relationship. Then he told me he thought we were staying monogamous - I guess I didn’t ask him to clarify earlier since I thought we were still discussing the issues. He said he doesn’t want to force me to go non-monogamous if it won’t make me happy. I said I want you to be happy though. He said I am. But I don’t know if he really meant it. I told him I’ll try my best to give him more space. And then we had breakfast and I came back to my apt. Although we left things on a good note, I was feeling very anxious throughout the day but tried to keep the feelings at bay. Then I got a good news that my possibility of staying in the country could increase. It wasn’t a 100%, but it gave me more hope. I called my bf to let him know but we didn’t really talk about the relationship. After that we just had some normal daily texts (which I initiated) but I felt like his energy was a little off and felt like he didn’t really want to talk to me but was doing it out of obligation. I ended up not replying to his text over night as I was outside hanging out with my friends and was overwhelmed to text him back before going to sleep. (Maybe part of me also wanted to show him that I’m capable to not texting him back) So I replied him the next morning. He hasn’t texted me back all day. Which I’m trying to tell myself it’s fine because sometimes my boyfriend goes a day or two without contacting me and I try to give him space. But I can’t stop feeling anxious(I think it’s also cuz I slept for like 4 hours and forgot to take my antidepressants maybe) and worrying about this relationship. When we have conversations he tells me all the good things but at the end of the day I don’t know if I’m seeing the behaviors change. I feel like maybe he just doesn’t feel that strongly about me and doesn’t want to put in the effort. What if he was using me leaving the country as an excuse? Am I forcing him to be in an unhappy relationship? Did I push him too much to cause this? All the anxious thoughts. I see a lot of good things in my boyfriend, and when we are together we are very affectionate and I have such good times with him. We are very honest with each other and we’ve shared intimate things in our personal lives. We used to have trouble communicating (and still do) but we’ve worked through it a lot and our recent convos/arguments have been respectful and we both come from a loving place. It’s just a really hard conversation to have. I don’t want to pull the trigger to an end because I’m hoping if we can work through this rough patch we could have an amazing relationship. Or am I holding onto something that is not real and lying to myself that things will be better? Should I give it more time until I find out what’s going to happen with my future (I’m gonna find out in a few months) and try to work things out or just end it now? I feel so at home when I’m with him but I’m struggling a lot with emotional turmoil of uncertainty. I’m exhausted but i just want to see where it goes and I know breaking up with him will be even harder. [SEP]
To make a long story short, I (23F) have been talking to this guy (21M) for about 5 months now. Its been going at an extremely slow pace, we went to highschool together. Just recently we started actually spending a lot of time together but still not much maybe about 15 hangouts. I had a boyfriend for 7 years and maybe im comparing how my love used to feel, but I remember before we dated, he was my absolute bestfriend. Granted with my age I was obviously a lot younger when that started. This new relationship is definitely on the up, but theres some things I think we are still achieving for instance I havent met his mother. I have met his father and brother but only for a quick hi. I dont feel like that is enough. I know this can all be done while dating but theres so much to learn still, meeting eachothers friends, he has met my brother but I dont even think he knows his name.

So the main story, sorry if I sound jumbled I am at work, but last night 4/20 were hanging out. The day is going great like usual and I decide to take an edible. Definitely shouldnt have I know how I can accidentally get too high and become a paranoid weirdo especially around him someone who I really like.

Soooooo about an hour after I take the edible this kid literally out of the blue asks me to be his girlfriend, I say yes but i seriously was not expecting what so ever and im happy but also shocked and THEN the edible hits me... hard.

I was stoned off my ass but I have warned him I dont act the most fun when im high especially really high im more of a potato but i truthfully love smoking so... He made a comment that I wasnt as giggly (obviously) and that I can use it as a learning experience because I pretty much turned mute lol. He also said he would like to not get that high in front of eachother. Which I completely understand and respect but I just cant stop thinking back to my other relationship, being my bestfriend or any of my bestfriends I can get that way around and its no big deal, the company is still just as much appreciated.

Its making me feel even more that this could be rushed. My last relationship was really crazy so I think its going to take me a longer while to open up fully and become extremely comfortable but do most people get a title this early?? I really really like the kid I was completely fine with where we were headed and being exclusive but even for something as silly as posting the relationship status on FB i feel weird about because that in my opinion is disrespectful to his mother to see whom I have never ever met. Who would congratulate us? We dont even know eachothers crowd personally yet. Ugh someone talk some sense into me.

TL;DR The new relationship I am in is moving a bit fast for me basing a bit of my feelings about connection on my last relationship, I am not sure if this is normal for most people or if I have a bigger issue [SEP]
So... I am in a relationship with my girlfriend for 9 months and I want to give her a gift. We are not in the same city because of the quarantine so I have to send it to her city where she leaves. But I don't know what should I give her. Can you suggest me anything that it will make her happy?? She is 17 years old btw [SEP]
I (M24) feel annoyed by my girlfriend (F21) liking another Guys picture. To start off i am 100 procent okay with her liking pictures of Guys, If its coworkers, Friends or anything like that but this is a specific case. Long story Short, this guy ( attractive and somewhat popular around our age) literally wrote to her on snapchat for a couple of months asking her to hangout, If she would be at a certain place (party) and if they could meet up and she complained about him tome and said he is annoying and I just responded "just ignore him then? " But she didnt wanna be rude to him. After a while the guy realised that he wont get a chance at her cuz we are in a relationship so he stopped writing to her and she told me she was happy with that. Couple of months later I saw that the guy updated his Instagram for the first time in a year and then I see my girlfriend have like that picture just a couple of hours after u ploading it. ( I saw it when she was scrolling her Instagram) This made me kinda uneasy even though the picture wasnt even a selfie or a picture of him, I just think my girlfriend is looking for attention from him once again despite after she told me he is annoying.

 [SEP]
 Hi [my name],

I know we haven't spoken since sixth form, but I always keep an eye on everyone who were in our year, so naturally like everyone else, your shocker post caught my attention.

In all honesty, you wouldnt have posted it if you were going to commit su ici de. The fact you posted, from my point of view, is that you want people to know and so you can get help. Which is a good thing.

You are not alone in this. All students have felt the same at some point.

And again if im honest I thought you would struggle socially at uni just because you weren't practiced.

But its not hard to change. A simple introduction is a start. Societies are also great.

Everyone at school you knew will want to help.

On my part. Easter break is soon, if/when you are at home, we should meet up. Your choice though. I won't force you ;) ." [SEP]
I've been dating my boyfriend a few months.(30m and 25f) We work well together and I have met his family kids and he has met my family.

We have made large plans together and it's a seemingly great relationship give or take small fights sometimes. We worked together so that made it complicated sometimes. I just helped him get a new job by introducing him to some friends and hes been doing well there.

The other night we were drinking a lot and out at some bars and came and smoked together. I was truthfully pretty out of it and I can imagine he was too. I'm not sure how the conversation got where it did. I dont smoke a lot anymore either and this was the first time in months but when we were sitting outside smoking I recall him saying something possibly along the lines that "this was only sexual for him" I remember freezing up just kinda stunned and hurt. I have a poor memory especially when in crossfaded but he acted like I didnt hear him right and wanted me to repeat to him what he said and when I tried he almost made it seem like I was too fucked up and hearing things wrong- maybe?

He started hugging me and almost tearing up so I'm not sure if maybe we were just too fucked up. He definitely didnt remember anything this morning just asked if something happened. My silence made him think so cause I fully didnt know what happened either or if I heard things correctly. So I said no everything was fine.

I'm just not sure what to think or if what I heard was accurate. I know the easy solution would be to bring it up to him but I'm almost afraid it will just cause an argument if he thinks I'm thinking like that or blaming him possibly. But now im not sure if this relationship is as strong as I thought.

He's made a lot of effort to have me be apart of his life and never introduces people to his kids or family. And I brought all of them up to my families house- all of them loved him. But now i feel this is sitting in the back of my head and I'm not sure how to know the answer without confronting him and acting like i believe this to be true [SEP]

So a few months ago i made a post on the AMITA subreddit asking if i were to be the asshole for imposing a ban on my husband listening to rapper playboi carti. I wanted to impose this ban because he dramatically changed his style and started buying and spending thousands of dollars on rick Owens and other designer fashion clothes, he only listened to mumble rap like playboi carti, and started saying slang like "slatt" "slime" "big" etc etc. now after I was advised against imposing this ban I tried to have a conversation with my husband regarding this sudden change and how unattractive it made him to me but all he did was call me a hater and an old head (which I am I hate playboi carti's "music" and I prefer Eminem, Nf, tupac, and hopsin) but he stopped talking to me and one day he just up and left and texted me and said that he fell out of love with me and that me hating his interests and fashion sealed the deal of him leaving. We're going to meet soon with our lawyers to discuss the divorce. he makes more money and has a stable job and I had an affair early in our marriage (which we went to counseling about and worked it out) so i don't think I would get anything. I don't want to be broke and I don't wan't to lose my hubby all my friends and family are split and I don't know what to do please give me some advice so I could try to salvage this relationship. [SEP]
I (23f) recently started dating a guy (29m) and although he is nice to me he seems to be really disturbed deep down. He drinks a lot and also does cocaine on the weekends with friends. Then comes back home with me and is like “why did I do that to myself” and is in bed the entire rest of the weekend. He gets very irritable when drunk. After pressing him a little bit, he revealed a lot of his trauma to me. He told me that his mom passed away when he was a baby and he never had a mother figure in his life. He also confessed to me that just last year his father passed away from a car accident as well. He has no siblings. It all really breaks my heart. I can’t imagine a man (or anyone for that matter) growing up without a mom. Or at least a female figure in your life. I don’t know what to make of all this. He has so many friends that surround him all the time, but literally no family. I don’t know if I should continue seeing him with all the drinking things in itself but after he revealed this to me I feel like he has a lot of things to work through. He started crying in front of me and we’ve only known each other a couple months. I don’t know if maybe I should be there for him and try to help him but the partying and drugs really get to me. I’ve never done drugs before and it makes me uncomfortable to be around. But I don’t know how to pull him out of this or if I should even try. I feel like he hasn’t worked through his trauma and he may not be ready for a relationship. I know it’s probably not my place to assume that though. What should I do? [SEP]
No idea what to do now. I don’t have a lot of a ton of connections outside of that friend group anymore, I live alone so no roommates. I’m just chillin here thinking of all the fun they’re having.

I don’t really know where to start in terms of meeting friends or potential dates, especially with COVID going on (although I am vaccinated, maybe I’ll put that in my tinder bio).

Any tips? Anyone been through something similar? [SEP]
I am not sure how to process all this. His (M22) parents made him break up with me (F23) because we don’t share the same culture and language. They don’t speak English very well and they expect their sons to get married with a girl from the same country so it would be easier for them to communicate with each other’s family. No one in his family ever got married with someone outside their ethnicity. This is not the first time he tried to break things off with me for the same reason but we decided to still keep seeing each other until we leave the city we are attending university. That’s in two months. And I came to accept that the relationship had an end date. But he recently spoke to his parents about me again because he felt he was getting too attached to me, that’s when they told him that there’s no future for us that it’s better to end now than get more attached and more hurt. So he came to my place to end things with me, and I’m left here with no opinion to give because his parents decision are more important. He also said that he doesn’t have the “balls” to go against his parents. Did anyone ever experienced this before? This was the first time someone’s reciprocated my feelings and now is over.

Sorry for the English. [SEP]
So long story short, me and this chick use to spend a lot of time together and eventually she just stopped speaking to me and lowkey ignoring me.. Later on my mate told me that she told him she felt like I wanted more out of the relationship and she wasn't ready for that..

I realized this and tried to just stay friends because we live together in a student dormitory and things could get awkward which it did now.. Earlier today I realized she deleted me from Snap Chat and at the dinner table we just completely ignored each others presence.

They went out tonight for drinks and I decided not to go with because she'd be there and I'm still not sure how to go abouts with enjoying myself around her.. And I feel like I can't enjoy myself around my mates anymore because how tf do I handle this situation??

Do I just go downstairs and act like she doesn't exists at all? I need advice. I feel like shit and this is eating me from the inside. We still have to live together until the end of the year and if things continue the way it goes, this is going to be an uber shit year for me..... [SEP]
Little about me: 28 yom, INTJ, living in NY [originally from SC]

So after years I'm finally putting this out there for advice. 10 years ago I met a girl in Chemistry class and we instantly clicked. We got closer to each other however we ended up not dating because I knew my mom was about to move my family to NY (not what I wanted) I ended up moving back after a year because I wanted to graduate with my friends and try living on my own. During this time I reconnected with her, we kept getting closer and closer. We had some sort of unofficial relationship. We'd get in crazy adventures, go skinny dipping at night in South Carolina rivers with the snakes, make out at random parties. I fell stupidly in love with her over those 2 years. She ended up doing something that really hurt me. To the point I didn't want to be in the area anymore and I went back to NY.

Once in NY she got ahold of me. Told me she was cared about me but it was best we just be friends because she found out she was pregnant at 18. She said she was going to marry him. Finding out the woman I was in love with was pregnant and getting married really put me in a downward spiral. I admit I had gotten jealous and said some things I shouldn't have said. She blocked me on just about everything and we didn't speak to each other for 8 years.

I went through some deep depression for a few years, then I moved on for the most part. Had a few (not so great) relationships here and there, but I never met anyone that had given me the same feeling I had with her. I eventually decided that I was going to move on and I focused all my energy on getting a good career and living life for myself. I worked my ass off, went to college, got an excellent career.

Then she suddenly came back...after 8 years.

She reached out to me...for about a year it was just talking about old memories. She told me she was still married, and had three kids. She ended up telling me that her husband had cheated on her several times, and that she felt like karma had come after her for the way she had treated me all those years ago. She said she and her husband were currently separated. We had been talking on the phone for months and she ended up telling me that she wish she would have stayed, that I never left. That she wished it had been me. Every year I usually go to SC to visit my family. Her and I ended up meeting again. She and her husband were still separated and contemplating divorce at the time. We met a couple times. Kissed a couple times. She told me she was falling in love with me again. I Felt like I was 18 all over again, but I also told her that I felt like I was playing with fire by talking to her again, that I knew I would end up getting hurt again. This went on for a few months and then she suddenly disappeared. Then I got a call from her, she told me she couldn't afford a divorce, and she thought it was best for everyone if she stays with her husband. She then tells me that she does love me but she thought it was best for everyone if she stays with her husband. I told her I understood and we left it at that.

Well two weeks ago I was in SC visiting. In fact I've been wanting to move back entirely as my immediate family moved back and I no longer have any ties to NY. I miss my home like crazy. While I was down there I receive a text from her, saying that she saw me (apparently I was ahead of her at a red light and she noticed my car) She said she missed talking to me and wanted to see me. Being a smartass I called her and told her she's supposed to wait 8 years before she starts her leading me on ceremony. She said she did love with me, but that she also loved her husband. She said she just wanted us to be friends. I told her she can't keep treating me like I'm a backup and it doesn't work like that. I told her we were just a future that never was. If I had stayed in SC back in 2012, it probably would have been me she had married and had kids with. She texted me the next day and told me to stay safe on my drive back to NY. That's the last I heard from her. This has been going on since I was in High School, she leads me on, disappears and reappears. Tells me she loves me, I really don't know what she thinks. Does she actually still have feelings for me or does she just enjoy leading me on that much. My brain says I should get rid of her forever but...I'm still in love with her. ( I haven't told her that though, I don't think I can.) I blocked her Social Media (I can't block her on text because I believe she has my number blocked at the moment), People say I'll get over her but it's been years and I'm right back to where I was in 2012. I really don't know what to do. I know it's just a matter of time before she unblocks me and hits me up again. I don't know why I'm holding on to the idea that there could ever be an "us". [SEP]
Please read it all i really need help.

This guy that I was very close friends with and we actually confessed feelings a while ago — are not friends anymore. He plays a lot of mind games, is very emotionally closed off and is scared of being vulnerable.

we had a whole conversation about our feelings multiple times last year and how i wished he would stop acting that way because it makes me upset and anxious and he said he understood but he still does it so i just distanced myself these past few months without saying much, because why should i keep repeating myself? anyway he didn’t even bother reaching out after something huge happened to me so i got even more upset and decided he was not a best friend or friend anymore, just an acquaintance.

He recently just called me a few days ago and wants to catch up but i can’t decide if it’s a good idea to call back or not because i don’t want to cut the relationship off completely, I want to be casually acquainted, but i feel like if i call back i’ll let my guard down and start crying about his behavior or something and then regret it after because he’ll apologize but still won’t change.

what are some good ways to remain casual? if he asks why we haven’t spoken in a while should i say something? I don’t want him to think i hate him or that this whole situation affected me too deeply. But I also don’t know how to act casual with someone i was so close to. thanks :( [SEP]
I have been dating my boyfriend for 7 months and we have been doing long distance for the past 3 months. We met on our semester abroad and been living together for the first 4 months of our relationship (we've definitely done it the wrong way around). I am planning to move to his city in the next 6-9 months (hopefully) and he said he would be ready to propose soon after that. (He doesn't want to get married straight after he proposes but wait until we are financially stable). Things are pretty much perfect - we are both head over heels for each other and I can definitely see a future with him. The only issue is we are both still quite young. He turned 22 in December and I'm turning 22 next month. I keep seeing everywhere that young couples don't last and that realistically you will meet your life partner after 25. We are both still in the middle of our studies and have some growing up to do. Realistically, how much of a chance do you think this has of working out? Has anyone met their current husband/wife at a young age and it worked out? I would be grateful if you shared your experience! [SEP]
My fiance (21F) and I (22M) haven't been on a date for over a month and leading into two months now...

I try to make plans or I have her make plans to do something together alone and she agrees and makes plans for the following day, but proceeds the next day and either cancels or makes excuses or has plans with her sister instead...

I texted her friends so that they can text her and make plans and she received the text and saw that I asked them to set up a girls day and she was way more excited about it and didn't cancel on them... I am happy for her to be able to see her friends again after such a long time, but wow I feel upset about it and really unimportant that I cant even have one day of alone time with her or even a date for a day....

Everytime I have made plans its always pushed off or promised for another and then im let down each time....

Everything else is good in the relationship but going out and doing things together or spending alone time or making dates just doesn't work for her like it use too.

Im sorry for the horrible writing, because im just frustrated and not thinking clearly but want to understand from a different view. [SEP]
He sustained his 4th concussion last summer and hasn’t been the same since. My bf has been depressed and unable to complete homework which has been making his mental state worse. He lives at home with his narcissistic, controlling parents who don’t let him seek therapy (they bullied his older sister into a severe ED which she has had for 5 years). He’s literally stuck at home bc of the pandemic, constantly having meltdowns and sobbing when he’s with me and I try to comfort him but I’m concerned for his health in the long term. He has ADD and his parents use this to control him, saying stuff like “you can’t do anything without us” and invade his privacy. They have access to his email address and applied for college for him without his knowledge. His family is quite wealthy and pays for his college tuition so he can’t leave or they’ll cut him off. We have been dating for 3 years and his mental health has declined steadily over the past year. I don’t know what to do. [SEP]
Im wondering how often you all text or call your BF/GF? Before my bf (28m) and I (25f) became exclusive, he used to initiate texting me every day, or calling me. He’s not a big phone person. We’ve been together 3 months and haven’t been the type of couple to text a lot throughout the day- but I noticed that after we became official, he started calling less and texting less. Sometimes we’ll even go an entire day without talking. We usually see each other 2 or 3 times a week. I don’t need him to text me throughout the entire day or to call me multiple times, but I do miss how often he used to initiate conversations. When we spend time together, everything is completely normal, loving, and fun. However, when our communication is less than it usually is, I get nervous/stressed that he’s less interested in me and feel a little forgotten about. I know every couple is different. So I’m interested in hearing if anyone else has had a similar experience? How often do you speak to your boyfriend or girlfriend? [SEP]
My girlfriend of six months hurt me badly. Several times during the talking phase after she rejected me and also when we started talking again. She continued to lie to me about her past even though I specifically asked about certain things. Six months into this relationship, after being mistreated, used for my body and manipulated by her for months, I wonder if maybe I was only committed to her because of the pain and not because I truly love her. My doubts started to rise when I met a girl who treated me right from the first minute.

Still, the whole thing is very complicated. We have known each other for a few years now, just as friends. During the first lockdown we started talking more and one thing led to another. She was already very cold to me at that time, which I don't judge, she wasn't obligated to anything. That's why I always continued to make an effort. At a certain point, the situation was so unpleasant for both of us that we really didn't talk to each other anymore, on the one hand because she crushed on me and I crushed on her. During this time before the summer, I was flirted with by several female friends, yet I rejected all of them in order to remain loyal to someone I wasn't in a relationship with (cringe I know). On the night of my birthday, a close friend of mine tells me that the girl I like and talked to was talking shit about me one night out. She would only play with me, of course I was hurt, I liked her a lot and this was the longest crush I had in my life.

The day after she told me that it wasn't true and that my close friend who has never lied to me was bullshitting me. I, naïve as I was, forgave and believed her and went on living and talking to her. For the next 3 weeks she kept dodging my questions about a date with shady excuses, even though she told me she had feelings for me. A week later she dumped me, it all made sense, I was just busy. Again I was hurt but what the hell, I just moved on and enjoyed the summer as much as I could. To the point where she stalked the new girl I was dating on social media for whatever reason. I did some things that summer that I'm not proud of, I hurt the girl because I had no feelings for her, yet I thought it better not to get her hopes up and fake anything for months. After the summer we started seeing each other again at school, me in a F+ with a very close friend I had known for years because we both didn't feel like having feelings anymore. But then the girl who hurt me started talking to me again, I completely rejected her first attempt to apologise, but her second attempt, a month later, I listened. She apologised profoundly why she had rejected me and that she had been severely depressed for years and did not want to hurt me by getting into a relationship with me. She admitted her mistakes and wanted to try again with me because she thought I was perfect for her. Of course we talked about our summer and what happened there, an important point for the whole situation. She kissed others, just like I did, and that was perfectly fine. But even though I asked her specifically if anything more happened, she lied to my face for 6 months until she confessed to me that she had oral sex with someone else. I mean, come on it happened, it just did, what really hurt me was the lying. She generally lied a lot about the smallest things in the relationship, which didn't make my situation with trust any better, given our history. She told me she didn't enjoy the intercourse and she didn't really want it, she would have said yes out of fear. In the meantime I am very torn about what I can and cannot believe. Up to a certain point I was sure that I loved this woman, but she just kept hurting me and hurting me and hurting me. After I lifted her out of her depression, she pushed me down into this deep hole. By now I wonder if I really still love her or if I am only bound to her by the pain. When she is holding me, the world seems fine, but as soon as I have time to think, the pain comes back and overtakes me. I am afraid to break up with her because she has already threatened to kill herself. I just don't want to cause any more pain. The worst thing is that I was treated right from the first minute by a new acquaintance I met and I'm strongly resenting my feelings, because this new girl gives me the feeling of being wanted and actually appreciates me. On one hand I do not want to break up because I had my first intimite experiecnes with her and I do not want to break her just like she is doing it with me. On the other hand my head screams to go and get free. Maybe I just needed to vent idk advice on how I could deal with this pain and what to decide would be fairly appreciated. Thank you for listening :). [SEP]
Now first of all, ik the age gap, I already talked to her about it and she doesn't mind neither do I, AND SHE IS 18.

I'm insecure and have low self confidence, so when she texted me saying she was crushing hard on me it was like a beam of light because I was crushing on her too. We talked through text alot and went to the beach multiple times I take her to and from work almost everyday (which I like doing), about 4 days in at the beach she said she had depression. I'm genuinely ok with it and understand alot about what can come with it. I feel like shit because I wanted to tell her that I'm rather insecure, and have low self confidence. But I didnt and I'm really regretting it. I want to tell her.

So We talked about getting an apartment that night on the beach, Me, her, and her brother who wanted to move out of their parents house. Which I'm truly ok with, as I want to move out of mine as well as I truly trust them. But I think we rushed that idea that me and her share a room because she made a good point in saying that she thinks it will hurt our relationship in the Long run, I agree but I still want to be at the very least Roommates with her and I still greatly want to grow our relationship.

I tell her she looks nice, and beautiful every time I pick her up because to me she really is. At this point yal can probably tell I don't have really any dating experience and I feel like I over compliment along with other things. Anyway, while taking her home I told her I loved her.. she didn't really feel the same, and she said something that really hit me hard which is she still likes me but she can't say those words yet as we really havnt gotten to know more about each other.

I cried on the way home because I thought I fucked up. But she still wanted to get to know me and go on a date, after the date she said she loved me, she had some of my wine from our dinner so I asked if I can ask her the same question the next day as she was a little tipsy and (I don't feel comfortable believing people's words when they drink) she texted me later that night saying it again..

I like to express my feelings for people I love through compliments and actions like cooking, taking care of stuff that they usually would do etc and on occasion buying things for them or paying for their stuff. I have other ways to show love but, tbh I'm not interested in sex with her right now I really just want to have a loving growing relationship with her. I will say tho I do truly love her and I want her to be happy, even if that means not with me. But God knows I want to be with her. (I'm fucking crying)

Lately tho (Yesterday and Today) I feel as tho I've said something wrong or I'm pushing and not giving her space... I scared that I'm pushing her out of reach and that we are going to break up... she means a lot idk what to do, I asked her brother for a little help but I'm worried he might have told her what I asked him. I feel like I've got a fucking shovel and I'm digging a hole at Mach speed. I just asked her if she wanted to do go to the Aquarium next week and she said that to be honest I'm not ready for that, I can't explain.

How do I tell her that I love her and want to give her time to think things through, and if possible start over slower this time without pushing her away or breaking us up, Please somebody...she means alot to me. [SEP]
M20 here, just recently got into a relationship. Girlfriend (F22) is a real sweetheart. She's an introvert, timid person and she's slowly getting better at dealing with her shyness which is absolutely great for her. She does a lot of things for me, brings me the occasional homemade food (i live alone, half an hour away from her place), remembers the important stuff and all those small tiny details that matter. I feel like I'm not doing my part, like I'm not offering much in exchange. How do i handle this? This is my first relationship and i actually want to put in effort, i don't want to be the lazy inconsiderate asshole because she deserves more and she's worth it. Any advice is welcome. Even just some tips. [SEP]
So like the title says, he does drink a lot, pretty much every day. He can down a bottle in a single sitting, as I've seen, and is generally quite reckless in his consumption.

He's not an angry drunk, he doesn't do anything BAD but I feel kind of uneasy when he tells me he's been drinking. He has a family history of alcoholism, and I worry he's putting himself at risk.

I myself have a similar family history, which is why I don't drink, and if I do, it's in trace amounts. He's the opposite, he's aware he drinks a lot, makes jokes about it, says he should stop but ultimately continues. I've brought it up before but it's never gone anywhere.

My question is, is this acceptable? I feel so uncomfortable sometimes I just want to call the whole thing off. But I also worry he'll drink even more if I do that.



tl;dr Bf drinks a lot, I feel uncomfortable but I don't know if I'm justified in feeling that way. What do I do? [SEP]
So the last 3 months of our relationship me and my bf basically were on and off. It was very difficult time for both of us, also the last 2 months we shared our house with my bf's brother who was depressed, needy and jobless. Me and my bf had alternating good and bad days. Through out this time we were breaking up few times just to make up few days later. We had a big problem with communication and both of us were busy working and we were trying to survive this difficult time somehow.

Everything changed around 3 weeks ago when I found out that during our off time my bf spent the whole weekend with other girl in the hotel. While confronting him about it he said that he had to do it to finally finish our relationship and by doing this he knew it would be definitively over.

I was devastated, felt cheated on and hurt. Especially that 2 weeks before that, after our very intimate time he assured me about his strong feelings towards me and that I'm the love of his life. On the day when he spent the night with other girl he was texting me and complaining about his brother, about his problems. I was that day all for him, I brought him his favourite chocolate cake to cheer him up and then few hours later he went for a date with new girl and slept with her in the hotel. He told me that he doesn't love me anymore and just needed to do something to break finally things up. Also I was informed that the last few month he was giving me many chances to fix things between us but I did nothing. Also I found out that he was texting this new girl for a while.

I still feel devastated. We both still live together till the end of this month and it's super hard. He doesn't see anyone now and he tries to make us to be friends and to appreciate our past and our 2 year relationship. He says that he didn't do anything wrong because we werent together while that happened and he doesn't have any remorse. At the same time he wants me to know that this relationship was very important to him and want us to respect each other after all.

But I just can't. I wish I could but my heart is broken. Should I forgive him this? Is my feeling of being betrayed wrong? [SEP]
So this is an update to a post I made probably about...6 months ago now? I don't remember the exact timeline but it was a throwaway account that I'm having a hard time getting into. If anyone finds the post I would love to put the link in this post.
The TLDR is that I was in a relationship for about 2 years that turned abusive towards the end and I didn't necessarily understand it was abusive until a few weeks after posting here. My best friend of 7 years was my rock and support throughout the entirety of what was happening and I panicked when I realized I was starting to fall in love with him, thinking I was the bad guy because I was in a relationship already. He made a joke about us getting married for Military benefits and It hit me like a ton of bricks.
The update here is that about 2 weeks after that post Alex, My now Ex, started getting more abusive quickly. I think he caught on that I was distancing myself and turned it up to 11. It came to a head when I went to spend the weekend with my parents for my birthday and he called me 26 times one night because He was freaking out that I didn't want to spend it with him. It was the first time I had been able to see my family in the year I had been with him despite them living 10 minutes away from me. When I got back from that trip I told him I wanted to break up and tried to pack my things when he picked me up and threw me to the bed. The fight escalated, and he pulled a gun on me. I'm so lucky he didn't pull the trigger, but that was the night I started trying to escape, slowly at first. Until one night about a month later I convince my grandfather, a terrifying grizzled old cowboy, to come with me to pick up my stuff and I dipped and never looked back.
The rest of the update is a sappy love story because Dean, My best friend, was still on my mind. He was a rock for me through this whole ordeal and never once said anything about his feelings for me because he knew how emotionally vulnerable I was and How much I needed a friend and not a Lover. but a few months after I moved out we were on the phone and He told me he didn't know how I felt, but he had fallen in love with me and that he wanted to pursue a relationship with me. I told him I've been in love with him for months at that point but didn't want to ruin anything between us on the off chance he didn't feel the same.
So far everything has been great between us. I have to unlearn a lot of those abuse-survival tactics, and he honestly has the patience of a saint for putting up with me sometimes, but the friendship hasn't changed much at all besides now we have a deeper connection, and I'm even more excited about getting to see him when he comes back from his station. Thank you to everyone who gave me advice on my last post, it helped me finalize my decision. Much love. [SEP]
My boyfriend and I have been together three years. We have a rather good relationship but two things have recurrently been an issue.

Finances and sex. I’ll focus on finances as my example in this post.

He works in a lucrative industry that is very hard to get into, it requires a lot of networking and lots of work with little payoff for years before finally getting to the point of making steady money. I work in a typical corporate job so I have always had a steady stream of income. I try my best to be supportive of him but...it gets frustrating.

I have communicated to him multiple times over the years about how it sucks for me and impacts my finances when I pay for everything 75% of the time.

I cover anything from food to medical expenses. This has often been to the detriment of my savings. Just a few months ago, we went to visit his family out of state. He only managed to have $150 for a 5 day trip and I ended up having to spend $650 to cover for him and make sure he had something to eat, place to stay, and a rental car to get around.

We have lived together for two years and I cannot count how many times he was scrambling for his half of the rent the day before, sometimes the day of the bill being due. We even got a letter once that we would be evicted if rent wasn’t paid in full within 7 days.

Safe to say, I had become a lot more curt and obviously annoyed when I discuss money with him. But the issue is he takes it really personally whenever I discuss anything with him.

If it’s the first 3-5 times discussing a particular issue I’m very calm, understanding, soft handed. Like with finances at first I focused on how it made me feel emotionally being the one paying for most things. Such as, “it can be taxing being the one paying for everything. It can be sad for me when we go out and I have to front the whole bill every time. Would you be able to come up with a plan to be able to avoid this in the future?”

But even that can result in a range of responses from excuses to crying on his end. When it gets to the point that I’ve brought up something the fifth time with little to no change, I get more curt. Such as, “we’ve discussed this multiple times in the past. This is making me feel taken advantage of and I want you to be able to pull your weight without me covering for you every time.”

And then it’s usually immediately met with defensiveness. Then I feel like I have to drive my point in even harder to him but it never ends up being productive.

(As a side note so it’s already covered: I had already encouraged him to work a part time or full time job and focus on his preferred work outside of that so he has steady money. He did this a few times but eventually declined doing this entirely. His reason being is “hates doing work that [he] has no passion for”. I do too, but my attitude has always been that you work the shit jobs until you can work your dream. Bills still have to be paid for.)

It can just feel like beating a dead horse. And when I hear the same excuses over and over I get increasingly frustrated with him. This usually ends up with both of us raising our voices and talking over each other. I ultimately end up feeling like I’m not being listened to and respected, he ends up feeling like I’m mad at him to be mad at him. This has ended up with him hating it when I bring up any issues in general.

But if they were amended the first few times, I wouldn’t be getting frustrated and end up having more heated conversations. Is there something I’m missing? Should I still be addressing the issues so softly no matter how many times we’ve discussed it? At a certain point it feels like he isn’t going to listen to me until we’re both frustrated about it and it’s become a long term problem.

If someone could give me insight as to how to communicate these things in a better way when I do get to the point of being frustrated I would love it. I hate feeling frustrated and having conversations that end with both of us being upset. That’s never my goal when I bring things up, I just want my feelings validated and for things to improve.

TL;DR will have to talk to long term boyfriend about the same issue repeatedly with no change. At a certain point I get frustrated and will not address things as kindly as I would the first few times. How can I communicate better when I get to the point of meeting my frustration threshold? It seems like nothing changes unless I get genuinely upset with him. [SEP]
I've known him for 3 years, and we started dating in February. He's really sweet and supportive, he's always been very there for me and we're quite compatible in most ways! Similar hobbies and interests, relationships with gender, etc. The only roadblock I'm running into is that he doesn't want to have sex. We've talked about it and he says he's very attracted to me but he just can't get over his insecurities to feel comfortable in something as vulnerable as sex. He's expressed before that other people have left him because he didn't want sex and that it caused him a lot of self-esteem issues. I really like him and I want to be with him, but it breaks my heart that I can't be intimate and express affection to him like that, sex is really important to me. I feel insecure, and even though he's reassured me that he's attracted to me, it feels really bad to be told that I can't have something that I feel is so integral to relationships. I don't want to leave him, but I also don't know how to cope with not having sex with someone I care about like this. [SEP]
I've been with my boyfriend for a year and I moved into his apartment this past month as we prepare for a bigger move to a house he is in the process of looking for and purchasing. He's had these plans to buy a house from before we were dating so of course I understand this is his place. I am in no way trying to get my name on the mortgage or deed or what have you.

Just prior to us starting to date, I lost my job in the entertainment industry while also getting my masters in said industry (thanks covid). I am currently working as a nanny full time as I finish up school. I try my best to split all costs we share together like food and household odds and ends but there is definitely an income disparity between the two of us (He makes 6 figures, I barely make $35,000 a year after taxes). He is very understanding of this and has even told me that I don't have to pay rent while I get my professional life together. I've refused because I already feel so guilty about our income differences.

Before meeting him, I figured I would be renting with roommates in cheap accommodations for at least the next 5 years so I feel like I'm cheating at life by moving into a house with him like this. It has also been a little awkward because of the length of time we've been together. We have a solid relationship but maybe if we had been dating for a few more years and I could actually help out with the downpayment and initial house purchasing costs I would feel less weird about it. Even if I had the money to go in on the house I think it would be too soon to purchase property together. That being said, I want to feel like it's our place and my home as well.

Is there any way for me to get over these feelings of disparity to see this as /our/ home? Also, should I have any say in the actual house being purchased? I'm trying not to give my opinion too much as we go through this process but having no say makes this disconnect feel even larger but I also don't want to overstep. [SEP]
I'm (26M) at a point in my relationship where my thoughts sway between staying and leaving, without having any clear and obvious reason. I've been with my GF (36F) for two or three years now, and I find my feelings towards her more and more "neutral" in a way. I don't feel strongly towards her like I did, but at the same time I don't mind her. Although, both the highs and lows in our life are lower in my point of view.

I know the decision to stay or leave is up to me, but I would like some advice as to what criteria I should be evaluating when deciding. If you were in my shoes, what questions would you ask yourself or how would you navigate towards finding out what to do? [SEP]
this might not be the type of post for this sub but whatever

I’m a 17m who’s horny basically all day everyday and wanted to know if there’s something that would take my horniness away forever. It would solve a bunch of problems if I wasn’t horny anymore. I wouldnt have to spend years dating and looking for a gf. I wouldn’t have to work hard to improve my flaws and shitty personality, because there would be no girls for me to try and impress. I wouldn’t be desperate for a girl’s attention in real life or online. I wouldn’t get excited if a random girl online showed a slight bit of interest in me [SEP]
He is naturally an opinionated person. I don't have a problem with it until it's about me and it's kind of rude. I think sometimes the things he says aren't cool.

The very first time I experienced this was when we went shopping together. I picked out something for MYSELF that he didn't like. He told me it was ugly and to put it back down. But I liked it? and want to try it on at least? Everything that I touched/picked out he had an opinion. One time, even a sales guy told him to quit telling your girlfriend what to choose...she knows the best for herself. I was trying on a pair of hiking boots which was not meant for a fashion show. It's meant for hiking, reliability, and comfort. I had a pair few years ago and it was a great investment. My boyfriend saw me trying those "unattractive" boots and told me it's ugly and expensive. Then I tried on another pair and my boyfriend gave more opinions. The sales guy overheard and basically told him to quit it in a nice way. That is why it is not enjoyable to go shopping with him. How annoying would it be when someone makes comment on everything you choose? Is this a controlling problem?

When it comes to food, it can be annoying. Due to covid, all the restaurants are closed over here. We can only order takeout through apps. My boyfriend would sound like he doesn't care what we order. Once I tell him what I am ordering, he gives opinions and no this and that. He's pretty specific with what he wants. If he's the one scrolling down the app looking for what to order, it would take him at least 20 minutes. At times, he would not agree with what I want on the menu. One time, he made fun of what I chose which I thought was rude.

Sometimes he can say things that are rude, but in a very casual tone of voice. He’s not serious about it, but he for sure thought about it. For example, if you wear “Puma” again don’t walk beside me.

The most annoying out of all is that if I don't like something, he doesn't back down. It’s so things that I really don’t like and it’s reasonable. For example, I don't eat spicy food at all but he does. There are at times buy one get one free on UberEATS. It has to be two of the same things. He wanted to get something that was very spicy and I don't take spice at all. I told him let's get something else. He didn't back down and try to convince me to want what he wanted. I had to stand up for myself. I literally had to say it out loud that I don't eat spicy food and you know it so pick something else. Then finally we picked something we both liked. One time, he purchased these pair of shoes online. He asked for my opinion so I told him honestly, it looks a bit strange and very different in photos. He kept the pair of shoes and didn't listen to my opinion. If it was him, he would have told me to return it right now since it's so ugly.

To be honest, I'm not sure if it's a controlling issue or he's being selfish or it's both. It's getting up on my nerves at times. For example, I like that cute white dress for summer. He would look at it and make negative comments about the fabric/pattern...like he hates it...and tell me not to get it.

Does this need a formal serious conversation? Am I being overly sensitive? [SEP]
Note: I wrote that my friend is autistic in the title, not because I think that they're defined by their disorder but because I think it'll be more useful to state it from the outset in order to get advice on how best to approach this issue.

A friend of mine, Jeremy, has sat next to me in a class since the start of the school year. I did occasionally talk to him in class, but mostly when doing group work or class discussions, so never got to know him much. To be honest, he is a little disruptive and obnoxious which is part of the reason I didn't feel entirely comfortable communicating with him, and also the reason why I think he doesn't have many friends.

About two months ago, he sent me a friend request on Facebook and started sending me messages on Messenger. I did respond to his messages whenever I was available but I found our conversations to be very dry and I also found myself having to lead them. Another problem that occurred was that I didn't find we had much in common.

At one point, he was basically sending me a message every day so I had to be more direct and say that I don't have the time or energy to text everyday, which is true since at most I text my other friends once or twice a week.

Now, I'm not even sure if I consider him as a true friend but a lot of the time, in the middle of a text conversation, he sends messages talking about how I'm such a kind person and that he hopes we get hang out when COVID ends. He also keeps bringing up the idea of us two going on a road trip together even though we hardly know each other and that's just not anything I'm interested with him in doing at all.

Having an autistic brother myself (although he is very high functioning so most don't notice), I understand it's common for people with autism to quickly develop a strong interest for objects/people etc. so I want to know what's the best way to approach this relationship, especially since I probably won't be in his classes after this academic year. There's a part of me that feels guilty for letting Jeremy believe that we're best friends when I don't see it that way. Do I need to be direct and say that I'm just fine with texting every now and again? Or do I be more subtle about it and just engage less with him over time? Above all, I don't want to hurt his feelings because he has been kind to me but at the same time, I know I need to do what is best for myself and my needs and wants.

Sorry if I haven't made clear what I'm asking for because, in all honesty, I'm not even sure myself what I want. Thanks in advance. [SEP]
We have been best friends for 2 years and our relationship has been up and down all the time. She's a difficult person and she's been through a lot and she's got her own battles, family problems, and issues. I get that these things might be the reason why she's that way but it shouldn't justify her actions. She's always up and down - one minute the most caring, funny, and loving person in the world the next she forgets about my existence stops texting, or acts cold. She gets so defensive, cold, and hurtful every time we fight and it feels like she's ready to give up on us while all I want is to fix things between us and be able to be close again and it triggers my anxiety.

At the begging of our friendship, I didn't really care about her and her issues I wasn't dependent. She wasn't a big part of my life and I was happier, I had my own goals, plans my behavior wasn't the same I was judgemental and harsh to her because I didn't care about what she thought of me but at least I wasn't experiencing any emotional difficulties when things were that way. But back then she would do anything to get involved in my future plans and my life, in general, she said she wanted to move abroad with me and she didn't care about anything and anyone else but me, while I didn't want to get that involved with her maybe because I was scared of her hurting me and ruining my plans, she kept sharing very personal things, she was texting me every day. So as time went by I let her closer, I set aside my trust issues but I got more dependent I fixed everything about my behavior she said that bothered her because she decides if some of my actions are hurtful and I try to be the perfect friend to her. It’s enough for her to point out a thing that bugs her and I change it and act accordingly… I got very considerate. But she's the opposite every time we fight she gets defensive, harsh, and hurtful.

Her mood affects my life if she's sad so am I etc. I find myself constantly thinking about her and even dream about her but I don't think I'm sexually attracted to her at all. I try to control myself and not be that attached and desperate but when I don't text her for a day as she does often she texts me and asks me what's wrong and acts all lovely again I act the way she does and I'm suddenly "acting cold" so I go back to the old patterns. I think our issues just collide and our traumas make us really confusingly toxic towards each other and it's not like we don't communicate, we really do but nothing changes.

I feel like I'm giving more than I'm receiving and she probably feels the same but I see my anxiety worsening and I get panic attacks thinking about our friendship I get nauseous, I can’t sleep at night, I don’t eat for days and I'm sure she doesn’t feel things as violently and it feels like she doesn’t care as much as I do. Her inconsistency drives me crazy. I've never experienced something like this ever. I never thought I’d be like this I don’t have family problems and both my parents are doing a great job so I don’t know where my attachment issues are coming from. I don't want to let go of this person maybe because we’ve been through a lot together or because of the familiarity or simply because she’s the only person I let in somehow I just crave the love I used to receive but I see that she is getting distant now and now we text once a week and it hurts she told me that the love is still there and it will always be but things have changed.

tl;dr: I need help with my attachment issues, I know most of you will suggest therapy but I can’t tell my parents that I’m attached to my best friend and I need therapy that’s just not it. [SEP]
I’ve (24M) been with my girlfriend(22F) for about 6 months now. Everything has been going great so far. This is my first actual relationship just to be clear, so a lot of of relationship things I’m learning still. She posted a recent Instagram post, and when I didn’t comment on it (I liked it though), she texted me asking why I didn’t comment on it. I told her I liked it and but didn’t comment on it, and asked her if I had to. I’m not really a social media person and not really active on anything else, except for Reddit. She is very active on social media, and loves posting pictures. She got a little mad that I didn’t do it the first time. I was a little clueless as to why she was mad, but I left a comment on it anyways. I’m not really sure what I did wrong. My friends said that’s an expectation now and I should try to do that now. This may seem incredibly trivial, but my question is do I need to do this going forward since I’m in a relationship now? [SEP]
So I’ve known him for about 6 years. This is our second time being together and it’s been about 1 month since we started dating. He lives about 1 hour away in a different city and because of covid restrictions + other life stuff we only see each other about once per week.

He recently told me he has an extremely high sex drive and wants to have sex about 5-6 times a day and asked how he could release this sexual tension since we don’t see each other often. I obviously told him to use his hands and he said it doesn’t feel as good as the real thing. Then I jokingly said “what else do you want to do? Other women?” And he said “if you’re okay with that”, I immediately told him I don’t want to be with someone who cannot keep their sex drive in check just because I’m not around them 24/7 and can actually consider sleeping with other women whilst being in a relationship with me. He said he would never do anything to harm what we have and doesn’t want to hurt me in anyway.

But I can’t stop feeling like shit over this. All throughout our relationship he’s lusted over other women (actresses and Instagram models) and I’ve been okay with it, even agreed about how hot some of these women are, but now I feel like he really just has eyes for everyone and wouldn’t mind acting on it. He constantly tells me his testosterone levels are through the roof and he’s horny all the time and needs a release which makes me feel like he’s just priming me to be okay with him taking his sexual frustration out on another woman but continuing to date me.

Should I even have a conversation with him about why this bothers me or should I just leave the relationship? I don’t see things changing and if anything he’d probably just hide things from me if I brought it up. [SEP]
I (m23) just broke up with my gf (f19) who has borderline disorder. I feel really bad about it and I miss her. I broke things off because we have very different sexual preferences as she's asexual and I'm a sexual person, but I love her so much and I feel I made a horrible mistake. I don't know what to do and everything is terrible now. I thought it would have been best for both of us but we're both miserable. What do I do? [SEP]
Basically that’s it... they fucking hate each other. My mother hates my gf because she feels she doesn’t wanna be apart of the family (barely been dating 1 year and a half) and my gf hates my mom because she thinks she is a narcissist (which she may be right but fuck.) this is the situation tho . I am living with my parents rn and doing long distance with my gf (she had to go back to her home country) and I am in college saving up money to go to a college in her country. My parents refuse to pay for my college if it has to do with her country because as they have said before they hate her. Now I am saving up cash abs deviated a plan to not spend shit and lay for my own housing snd college no problem. But they started talking shit about her today calling her ugly and shit and I said pretty much fuck you get out of our business. My parents then kicked me out. Now I am back in my old apartment (I moved out to not pay bills to save more money) now going to my gf country for college is going to be impossible. How the fuck can I fix their relationship? I am planning on having them take today but my mom kept on saying how she is gonna tel her she doesn’t want us to be Together and how we are bad for eachother. It’s so fucking hard, I need my parents to just support me for a few months and I will be out of their hair for ever. But I think they don’t want me to be with her no matter what so they are doing everything in their power to stop us from being together. Don’t get it wrong we have had our problems but this person is the absolute love of my life and I will never change that. And my parents hate her for it. What do I do?? How can I fix this?? I feel trapped [SEP]
Throwaway because my main account has friends and identifiable information.

I am 21. I have only had two boyfriends. One for 1 year and one for 2 years. Both ended because I found out they cheated on me.

It is seeming like the cheaters were the only two people who have shown interest in me that didn’t approach me with a whole load of problems before the relationship could even start.

Online dating? Most men who has expressed interest in me, not less than an hour or two later asked for nudes or making creepy sexual advances. Someone approaches me at work or in public? I only gave my social out 3 times that way and the same thing happens. All my public socials are extremely work appropriate, so it’s not like I give an impression I’m done for that stuff.

Then, if not being creepy a few who has shown interest in me had a whole lot of problems. Using fake name, Jake and I was talking to for a month, and then all the sudden on our third date has a manic attack at the restaurant and starts yelling and even spits on a waitress. Police were called. Turns out he is severely bipolar and went off his meds. I had absolutely no idea before, and I tried to rationalize not knowing but then a week later he punched his sister breaking her nose. I decided I don’t have the willpower to deal with this. Paul, on the other hand seemed like a genuinely nice dude until his mother got my contact somehow and called me to warn me that Paul is a convicted rapist. I don’t date rapists as a rule of thumb so that ended.

Next, if not creepy or have mental issues the men who show interest in me are extremely broke. And I am not rich at all. I am a crew member at chipotle. But I have lived on my own for over 2 years now. I pay all my bills, I handle all my own stuff. It will be like a 25 or 27 year old man who will hit on me, and they still live at there mothers, or don’t have a car without an actual reason like having a wreck or it being broke down etc. We don’t like in NYC or somewhere where it’s not logical to have a car. You seriously need one to get anywhere in my city. They also will have no life plan, not In school, and clearly has no intentions of doing anything. Even when I give someone a chance where I am skeptical about their financials it never fails within a week they ask for money. Like we aren’t even dating and you me to give you money? I don’t like that at all. I am a firm believer when you enter a serious relationship you have an obligation to help your partner if something happens. So I don’t want to enter a relationship knowing the partner can’t afford his own bills, that seems like a recipe for disaster for my pocketbook.

I am mixed ( black and Latino) and use to live in a city where black people were 80% of the population- there was never a moment you didn’t see a black person out in public. I moved a year ago transferring schools and now live in a city where you gotta scout to see one. And I don’t care about race when I date, but I noticed black people are really the only ones who gave me attention. The same trends happened with men in my first city, but I also would get complimented everyday from people just passing. It doesn’t happen now so I really haven’t received any attention in a year. which is maybe why I am sad as hell.

Does anyone have any advice on how to attract different type men? My social media is appropriate, I don’t really hang out with many people since moving. One this is I am not “ fast” ( everyone’s timeline is different of course). But I have only slept with my ex of two years. Should I lower my standards? Are they unrealistic? Should I get a cat? Any input would be appreciated. [SEP]
My boyfriend has told me he's not sure if he wants to be with me or sees a future with me.

He isn't sure he got that wow feeling when he was with me or that he was always been in love with me but I know he has from the way he has been towards me throughout the relationship.

He is feeling trapped and unsure and seems to feel like the relationship has gone stagnant, I have asked what can be done to fix it and he says we're not sure we can. He then said a while later he loves me and wants to be with me he's just unsure.

I'm so in love with him and the thought of losing him makes me feel physically sick and gives me very dark thoughts. Please can anyone give me some advice through DM or anything on what I can do to fix this. [SEP]
My ex and I started dating in highschool. We were both each other’s first.We dated 6 years and broke up in our early twenties. She was the one to end it because she wanted to focus on herself/work and stated she was just confused as to what she wanted in life.

Now 4 years later she wants to try working it out again. My issue is during those 4 years I made several attempts at reconciliation and she always said she wasn’t ready for a relationship.

Recently she told me she did date 2 people in our 4 years apart. She told me she did catch feelings for both these guys. The first being a year after our breakup (for 3 months) and another last year for a couple months and neither worked out and she ended it with both.(she of course slept with both these guys).She told me on her own. I myself went on quite a few dates but just never found someone who I wanted to date although I did have some one night stands.

I obviously am not happy she slept with 2 other guys, I can’t be mad because I slept with other people also. I have no issue with her dating because she was single but it does hurt me that when I tried to get back with her she wasn’t interested in me. We did hook up a few times in between these guys and when I asked her if she was dating or saw someone, she didn’t mention the first guy at that time.

She’s telling she wants to try again with me because she was happy with me during our past relationship, but at that time she was confused with her life.

Would you guys take an ex back? My issue is whenever I tried getting her back she told me she wasn’t interested in a relationship, but then she dated two people so she wasn’t really telling me the truth.

I just don’t want to be someone’s “safe reliable guy” when it didn’t work out with others. Any advice would be appreciated [SEP]
TL;DR After a tragic event, mom's best friend changed, and now justifies Hitler and more recently Derek Chauvin. My dad and I don't want to associate with her anymore but my mom wants to give her a chance since besides that she is a great person.

I made a throwaway account for this because I feel like it gives away too much personal info and I don’t want it on my main. Also, I don’t want anyone calling my mom an idiot, she is a very smart person, Stanford graduate, doctor, etc. but for some reason she’s being willfully ignorant to this situation. She’s very good friends with this woman, I’ll call her S, but lately S has been going down a very racist and anti-Semitic rabbit hole and beginning to sound like a full-blown racist. I need advice on how to convince my mom that she needs to cut or at least scale back contact, because she’s making excuses for S instead of listening to me or my dad.

Some background, until now I’ve always liked S. She treated me nicely and used to bring gifts for me when I was a kid, not to mention a good friend to my mom. Unfortunately, a few years ago she lost her 20 year old son due to an accident. He was playing with an “unloaded” gun that wasn’t actually unloaded and he killed himself accidentally. It was a very sad time for the friend group and naturally S was hit especially hard. She became very withdrawn, stopped eating, and rarely socialized. My mom and some of her other friends took the initiative and got her back to a stable place, or I guess as stable as you can get after a tragedy like this. She was never the same afterward as you can expect.

Because of coronavirus we didn’t see each other for a few months, so my dad decided to create a group text with everyone in the friend group, including me. There were multiple group texts, but one was dedicated to talking about news and history. A few months ago I sent a newslink about America’s help in WW2. Big mistake, it triggered a huge shitshow. S started spouting off, first she said America shouldn’t have interfered since it interferes in way too many things (I agree in general, but not in that case), then she said “honestly would’ve it been that bad if Hitler won? I think the world would be better”, which triggered an argument between her and me + my dad. We sent sources and other articles about the Holocaust and I don’t think she even read them because she said “the Jews are exaggerating to get money, they knew if they made stuff up Germany would pay them more.”

So, I’m not Jewish, nobody in that text was Jewish, but I still didn’t like what she was saying. I admit my next texts to her were condescending because I honestly couldn’t believe what I was hearing. I said “So, you want the government to torture and murder you because you’re Muslim? You want them to murder your entire family?” She said “it’s not the same.” And yes, I know about the Israel vs Palestine thing that I’m not going to get into, I know Jews are a sore spot for some Muslims (I’m not Muslim but my mom is so I know a lot about it), but that doesn’t mean you have to say Hitler was good. My mom, after reading the texts, agreed with me on most of it but said I had to apologize for what I said about her/Muslims. My dad disagreed and I ended up not apologizing since I don’t think I was wrong. The argument between S and I kind of trailed off and the last thing she texted was “even Germans like Hitler, buy they a drink and they'll tell you the real truth about Hitler.” Idk which Germans she hangs out with who say that.

Everything ended cordially and our relationship went back to normal. In the next few months she would say other things that raise some racist red flags but overall a normal person again.

Now fast forward to present day, I sent an article about the Derek Chauvin trial and she says “I feel so bad for him. He was just doing what was right, the jury ruled guilty so the city doesn’t start riots.” My dad and I, again, started a debate with her and she kept doubling down, saying your run-of-the-mill racist rhetoric such as “this is anti-democracy” and “you can’t be white in America safely anymore.” Again, I was floored, because besides that one Nazi thing, she’s never given any indication that she thinks this way. I brought this up with my mom and she told me to stop arguing with someone older. Keep in mind my mom was happy with Chauvin’s guilty verdict so she disagrees with S on this.

My dad and I both want to distance ourselves from S, she’s shown her true colors in our opinion. However, my mom says she’s a great person and there’s no need to ruin an amazing friendship over differing beliefs. I think this is more than just differing beliefs though… any advice on how I should get through to my mom? [SEP]
So we dated for a few months and broke up in September. Then he texted me he was sorry in December but I showed him I wasn’t interested. However we started talking again and he wanted to meet up. I agreed this time, so he came over and we had a great time. After that, he wanted to see me again but we just couldn’t since he always had excuses. Anyways the last time we made plans he cancelled it again. At the time I had a lot of problems as well and I sent him a voice note on snapchat talking about them. So he opened it, I don’t know if he listened but he didn’t respond. I was pretty upset but didn’t contact him again. A month later he texted me very casually asking how it was going. I didn’t reply. Now a month later after his text, I wanna talk to him. Well, I wanna see him again. What should I say to him? I don’t want him to think I just can’t get over him. This really is not the case. [SEP]
Myself and my ex broke up march 2020.I was so upset and pissed and he seemed neutral. Then In the summer i briefly dated and befriend a boy then that friendship broke off.My ex then started wanting attention again which I gave as I felt emotionally detached enough for it to not harm me.Fast forward to this week he was tagged in a photo of him and this girl.Beside the post showed her FB pp which was the same one i seen.

I do not want him back but I feel shitty as I feel replaced and almost heartbroken. I think I'm mourning the relationship/him in the beginning of the relationship when he wasnt a sap of shit.

Any rational thoughts? Thanks [SEP]
my boyfriend (22) and i (20) were at the grocery store late last night and without telling the whole story, he was seriously such an asshole out of nowhere after I said something that apparently offended him even though all I said was “you should have just gotten a bag, you’re gonna drop it all”... i don’t know where it came from but he exploded on me saying things like “you do stupid stuff all the time and I never say anything” blah blah he KEPT going off and I started crying because I never meant to start anything and all of a sudden, my feelings were being hurt. when i started crying, his mood shifted and I think he immediately realized that he was being a dick and I explained that I was never trying to “come at him” and didn’t mean to piss him off so much. so anyway, after that, he apologized many times and truly seemed to realize that he was wrong. we went to bed pretty soon after as my mood never really recovered. this morning, all was well, I gave him a kiss and left for work. He just texted me “hey, i was an ass last night in the parking lot and I feel bad” and honestly I’m kinda glad he feels bad because I was thinking a lot about it this morning. I legitimately don’t know how to respond though so all I said was “it’s okay love"
It's a long story but i'll try to make it short. It was 2018 when i wanted badly to buy myself a car, and a new laptop . My financial situation was quite good so paying monthly was not a problem. I picked a second hand car just to get me places, not something fancy. I was planning to sell it after 2 years.

My sister saw an opportunity in this. She started suggesting that it was her chance to rent a place, away from her abusive husband, get a divorce and move to another neighbourhood with her 4 children. The issue: it was not the first time i helped her with that, and she always went back to him .. even after she got a restriction order from police. And that wasn't all, i knew my brother lend her money the same way and he paid all the loan by himself (this happened before her abusive marriage). I knew she convinced my parents to make a mortage loan on their apparment so she can start a new business and they lost their home because all her plans went down when she met this man.

And still, knowing all this i accepted the deal, hoping she will not do the same with me.. being her little sister. I just could not say i won't help her, she was convinced she had enough and was going to take her life in her own hands and stay away from that alchoolic abusive man. A big part of my decision was made for the sake of her children. So I took a bigger amount of money from the bank, my loan was double than planned. She assured me that half of the mothly payment will be supported by her, and i should never worry about that.

My gut was yelling loud and clear "DO NOT DO THIS", but i accepted. First 3 months she did what she promised, i was so happy! I was feeling great about helping her, and greater for she was doing what she promised. But soon after that she started to pay less than what was her part, sometimes she paid 1/4 ot he amount, sometimes nothing at all. 2021 she's again under the same roof with that horrible man. I'm paying the loan by myself, it's been 3 months now. And it's a hell of a burden.

I don't know how to explain this to her, sometimes i think is my fault that i was stupid enough to belive she will ever change, sometimes i get really angry and phone her and start to arguing about it. She's always armed with the "i don't have money at all right now, i would give you my part if i had", "i'l have the money next week" (but that week never comes), "if i give you my part this month i won't be able to feed my children". She's using this argument because she know's i care about them.

I'm ashame of myself, of how stupid i was.. it's realy painful even to share this. But my financial status is killing me, i can't even afford a vacation..

If someone has an ideea of what should i do about it, please share it with me. I am thankfull for all your opinions, even for those you confirm of how naive and stupid i was.

Do you think i should give up, pay the loan and learn my lesson? There is no legal action i can take.. Thank you for reading all this, english is not my native language. [SEP]
I have been dating my boyfriend for a little over a year. He’s not a very expressive person so he tends to not tell me relevant information unless it’s contextually brought up in conversation. It can get a bit annoying, but it’s never anything that’s a big deal in my opinion so I always just let it go.

For background of the story, me and my parents are fully vaccinated and my boyfriend only had 1 shot at the time of the issue. We also both live with our parents. 2 nights ago I was having dinner with his family and I found out through conversation that his dad had covid about 2.5/3 weeks ago.

I pulled my boyfriend aside and I was pissed. I definitely cursed and used some strong language. I was in and out of his house and he was in and out of my house the entire time his dad was sick. From what he said, his dad had gotten 2 covid tests; the first one was negative and the second one was positive. My boyfriend said by the time he had found out he was positive he had already been at my house so “the damage had been done already.” But frankly, that should’ve been my decision to make, whether I’m vaccinated or not. He also said his parents said not to tell anyone but I think that’s unfair and he should have told me anyways.

I am not writing this post so people can tell me the covid guidelines or if it matters I’m vaccinated or not. He failed to see the gravity of the issue and was not taking my feelings into account after he knows how strict my family has been the last year. I left after our conversation and we haven’t talked in 2 days. I was waiting for him to come apologize but it hasn’t happened yet and I don’t want to be the one who breaks the ice. I love him and I don’t want to break up with him but he keeps omitting information, and this is something that could have affected me and my family’s health. I don’t know if I should stand my ground or to be the one to come to him about this. Any advice is appreciated, thank you. [SEP]
My girlfriend and I have been seeing each other for about a year. We are very serious, and have talked a lot about our future, and other long-term plans. I don’t really feel the need to quantify it for the sake of this post, but her and I both agree that the feelings we have for each other are far stronger, and far more secure than in any other previous relationship. Suffice it to say, I do see myself marrying this girl assuming that the relationship continues on the trajectory that it has been for the last year.

With that being said, aside from a minor argument here or there, our relationship has gone relatively smoothly. She comes from a wealthy family, and I know this, but I had never asked her directly how much money she, or anyone in her family has. I didn’t really see it as much of my business. However the other day she asked me to go by her home to pick up a few items so that her and I could make a dinner reservation after work (I was off.) Her bedroom was pretty messy so I had to dig around for a few items and I noticed a financial statement sitting atop her dresser. Now I know I shouldn’t have been snooping, but it was right there and I could see her trust fund balance was nearly three times what she had told me it was.

Now, with that being said, I don’t feel entitled any of this money, nor do I expect anything from it. But I know that if she got that much money from her grandmother, I can imagine that the amount she will be getting from her own mother will be significantly more. In other words, she is effectively, by my own calculations, a stroke of a pen away from being a millionaire through no effort on her own. I started dating her well before I even knew the scope of her family‘s money, but I can’t help but feel like she is withholding some information from me. I’m still pursuing my own career, and I have supported her throughout her pursuit of her own career as well. And no matter how much money we have, I still want to work and create my own wealth as well. So at what point is it appropriate to really sit down and talk about how much we can expect to have in the future? I think post marriage is far too late. [SEP]
'd like to say that my BF has never raised his hand nor his voice to me.

So, last week, I (24F) stayed the night at my BF's (28) place. Him and I were coming back to his place around 1AM so we didn't turn the lights on (He lives with his folks still but their house is pretty big so it works out) for to not disturb anyone. He's leading me by his hand but I end up walking into his foosball table that's, not in the middle of the hallway but kinda to the left a bit. As a result, there's a medium sized bruise on my thigh.

When I got home, my mom saw it and flipped her wig. I know as a female (or anyone) it's really hard to explain away a bruise and I appreciate my mom reacting the way she did. But at this point, it's getting crazy. She won't stop trying to get in contact with him and saying how she's going to beat his ass etc.

How do I get her to relax?? [SEP]
I also posted this on another sub, but I’m looking for some timely advice so hopefully someone here can help. Thanks in advance!

I’ve been best friends with my girl Angela for 8 years. She is essentially a sister at this point. There is nothing I feel the need to hide from her, even my deepest darkest thoughts. I know she feels the same. I am bisexual, currently dating a guy, and Angela and I have never had anything romantic between us. Purely platonic sister-like love.

Angela has been dating Sarah for almost 3 years now. They got engaged in 2019, but haven’t made any wedding plans as they are still long distance and have been sort of struggling to make the relationship work.

I have no reason not to like Sarah, but the way she treats Angela slightly bothers me sometimes. In the past, she has made comments about how Angela shouldn’t talk to me so much or how it was rude for Angela to call me and catch up any time after they are having a fight (even if it wasn’t about the fight). We live in different parts of the US and don’t get to see each other much, but the last time I saw them both, Sarah was obviously moody, didn’t speak to me even when I was actively trying to have a conversation with her, and in general made me feel as though she wanted nothing to do with me. She was in my apartment and essentially ignoring me. It was uncomfortable. I always try to include her and even took their engagement photos! I want them to succeed as a couple and be happy, but I’m struggling to understand if Sarah is treating Angela well.

This weekend, I have plans to take a road trip to spend 3 days with Angela, which essentially NEVER happens. I am stoked to catch up on life and laugh and watch movies and just be ourselves. However, last night I found out that when Sarah discovered I’m coming to town, she insists on driving in also for the entirety of my trip.

I’m pretty bummed because I already feel like Sarah hinders Angela from being her true self, but I’m trying to understand and be supportive.

I just have a strange feeling like maybe this is a red flag/ sign of control.

I had a best guy friend in town this weekend and my boyfriend made sure to give us plenty of time alone to be just us and catch up. He joined us on one of the last days, which I would love for Sarah to do! I just feel weird about her insisting on being there the whole time to what feels like “monitor” me and Angela’s time together, especially since she has shown no prior interest in being my friend or connecting with me, and has expressed that she wishes Angela and I wouldn’t talk as much.

I hope I am just overreacting or that someone can relate and help me sort through my thoughts/feelings on the matter. I would love to know if anyone has advice, even if it’s advice on how to better connect with Sarah and make the best of the weekend.

Thanks for reading if you made it this far!

Tl;dr I think it’s strange that my best friend’s fiancé all of a sudden wants to drive out on the same weekend as the visit I’ve had planned when the fiancé has never shown interest in being my friend/friendly with me, even after my attempts. I think it’s ok to ask for one on one time with a best friend where partners aren’t present, at least for a portion of the visit. Wondering if anyone has advice on how to handle the situation, even if it entails me just getting over it. [SEP]
So basically every time I try to talk to my girlfriend she gets mad at me I keep trying to tell her that it's better for our relationship for us to communicate and then she gets mad when I keep asking the same question but she never gives me a straight answer. And then when I tell her that what she says to me hurts me she gets mad about that. I keep telling you it's better for us to talk about it then have how to keep everything inside and not talk about it. Then she told me she'll stop acting like that and then she'll try to talk to me but then goes and does the same exact thing every single time. I just don't know what to do anymore

Whenever I tell her that if she can at least try for me she gets mad and then says I just how I am not going to change and then says if you don't like it leave or if u don't like it then go find someone else and when I tell her that when she says that, that hurts me when shes says that (she then tells me that she doesnt mean it and only says that because she's mad and then I proceeded to tell her that I also get mad at all this but I've never said that to her ever in this relationship). I really love her and I don't want this to end. I tell her it if you don't want this to end or want this to last then please please try to talk to me

It is also her real first relationship and she tells me to teach her on how to be in one but then whenever I try to teach her and tell her how to do things she is mad at me but then calms down later and said that she'll try and so far the only problem is her getting mad. She used to hang up on me and not call me back or answer my calls after it but she's stopped that all together, I'm willing to give this relationship a chance because she's proved before that she's able to change. I've been trying to be patient with her sometimes it's just too much and I really do love her

 [SEP]
 My GF of 6 months had a traumatic event last week that sent her to the hospital where she almost bled out but luckily she got through it. Without going into detail, it started with a biopsy where the doctor messed up and cut way too deep (i am guessing??). This caused her to bleed extensively and sent her to the ER. I felt so bad for her that I spent a lot of last weekend trying to nurse her back to health.

She handled it fairly well that weekend to my surprise. I am not sure if I could do the same. Before I left that weekend, she said we can plan something later that week. Yesterday I asked her she wants me to come up Friday before my trip to go back to my parents. She never responded to that text. I waited about 5-6 hours before saying its okay and asking if there is something wrong. She finally responded and said she was busy. Later I called her since she barely answered to that point and she said she wants some space this Friday and wants to be alone then go to her parents for the weekend.

To be honest, I am not sure how to process this or what to think. As I type, this I feel like I am being pushed away. Im really not used to something like this. I called her a few minutes ago to see how she was feeling and ask if there was anything about the relationship that caused you to want space. I know this may of been projecting but I wanted to communicate so I didn't overthink and to calm my anxiety. She broke down crying and said she wanted to be alone that day. Keep in mind we had a huge fight a month ago and I realize I am being paranoid. However, you always see someone as wanting space to get away.

I am obviously going to respect her wish for space but its going to be really tough for me since the texting has been slowing down. My mind is conflicted and this is really why I am posting this. Am I being very paranoid or is the beginning of the end of the relationship? [SEP]
So first a couple of things on us, she and I have been friends for ~2.5 yrs now and have been seeing each other once a week (as friends) for the last ~3 months, partly to deal with covid lockdowns. About three weeks ago she tells me that she thinks she has a crush on me, it takes me a couple of days to process this as I've seen her as a friend for most of the time I knew her (though I did have a slight crush on her when we first met). We started dating and it was a lot of fun, after a week we "made it official".



Now the problem I'm having is that I'm finding it difficult to say whether I'm in love with her currently. We are quite intimate every time we see each other, and this has been very nice as I've been attention starved since the lock down. At the beginning of our relation (first 1.5-2 weeks) I was very sure that I loved her, but the last couple of days I've been having doubts...

I'm not sure whether this is something that will go over in a week or something serious, and if its the latter I'm wondering if I can fix this, as I do really like her as a person!

Oh, and maybe an important fact, I was still a virgin before getting anything with her with pretty limited relationship knowledge.



Any advice on what I could do, should I tell her that I'm worried that I may not be in love? Could slowing down the sexlife help with this (cause if thats the case then I'd happily do so). Any other advice is much appreciated as I'm just unsure in general what to do currently... [SEP]
my bf and I have been together for a few yrs now and he’s never done anything to make me think he’s cheating on me. I’ve been cheated on several times in the past and i just can’t fully trust anyone anymore. it’s not him it’s totally me but i cant help it either. it’s not his fault but whenever he jokes about cheating I get triggered and really insecure. what can i do to make him understand my situation? do i really need to have full trust in him for our relationship to work because i don’t think it’s possible with everything ive been through. [SEP]
My bf and I have been on and off for four years he is 8 years older than I am he has cheated multiple times in the relationship and has done some questionable things. I'm a teen so it's hard to find to find someone that you feel like can understand you.

He has a bad history in terms of his relationships with his parents (dad remarrying multiple times etc, mom not a good role model either). His dad is now getting divorced again for the 5th time now and he's living with his step-mom since his father left the place and they are in the middle of moving.

The problem with this is he is almost 30 and lives w his parents and doesn't pay rent, or anything but has constantly talked shit about them especially about the step-mom. But he DOES have some sort of respect because he feels upset with his dad leaving his new step-mom(the one ill be talking about here) once again. They also are weirdly close (like they talk about personal things) and she opens up to him a lot about her personal relations with his dad. They talk every day, for hours as well as text.

Also (my bf has downloaded cougar apps as well as grindr on his phone during our break and tinder and the likes ofc but you get my point)

The step-mom does not know of any of the things he has done and thinks of him as an innocent angel.. or maybe she does I'm not sure but has constantly talked very fondly of him.

Long story short, my bf and I had a falling out and he decided to open up to her and get her involved, and she proceeds to text me saying I am self-absorbed, controlling, crazy. Etc. I am almost 20, yet I have never opened up to my parents about my personal relationships.. not to that degree.

How can I respond the step-mom? And what should I say to my boyfriend about this since he will just be in denial I'm sure.. [SEP]
On Monday my boyfriend of 3 years ended the relationship. This is actually my first time being broken up with & I’m not having a great time lol.

I love my friends & my sister but they just aren’t that great with helping me feel better because their way of comforting me is just telling me why I shouldn’t be sad, & I know to them they think positivity will help, but it just makes me feel like my feelings are being dismissed & further frustrates me. My sister especially, who was never a fan of his in the first place, her main pitch is that now I can find someone better. Very very unhelpful.

He was the only person I had who always knew what to say when I was upset, he always validated my feelings & actually made me feel better. Its one of the reasons why I loved him so much. Having no one actually acknowledge that that I’m in pain right now is making this so much worse. [SEP]
we've been friends for 12 years she is a great friend we enjoy hanging out and talking to each other she is one of my best friends last week we were hanging out and she looked pretty sad and depressed but i didn't pay alot of attention i asked her if anything is wrong and she said no and i didn't ask again because i wasn't in the best mood etheir . i called her to talk a bit the next day and she said why didn't you pay attention to me yesterday i said why she said i feel really lonely and depressed and it's your responsibility as my best friend to ask me what's wrong i said I'm not in the mood to argue besides I'm not your boyfriend i don't have to pay attention to you 24/7 she then said just said goodbye in a depressed voice and hung up . ( basically the summary of our conversation ) and you know i don't think my own girlfriend would like me too pay alot of attention to another girl .

I chatted with her brother and he said she has been way more depressed since we talked and keeps saying noone cares about me. did i say anything wrong ? i wasn't in the mood to be emotional support we all got lives but i feel like a terrible person . what's gotten into her ?I'm getting worried about her but i don't know what to say please help . [SEP]
Hey all, so I moved in with my roommate a couple months ago, and prior to this I had an apartment on my own. Being that we are both 21 (F) this is her first time living away from her parents home and my first time with a roommate. I came into this situation with everything needed for an apartment and she had nothing. So naturally everything in the kitchen and living room is mine. I do not mind sharing. But I’ve had issues with her ruining most of my kitchen stuff. In the first week she ruined my pots and pans and so I went out and bought a new set (which I found are not cheap) and let her keep the old ruined ones. And the trend continued on. How do I have a conversation with her about treating my stuff a little better? Some of the ways she’s ruined my stuff leaves me perplexed. Like why was she using the device/utensils in that way? I really like her and otherwise we haven’t had issues. Just hoping she will be more careful considering I’m having to replace these things and hope to take them when I move out. And some of the items are pricey. Thanks! [SEP]
I am in a toxic and extremely controlling relationship!!!

I guess you can say abusive as well. I hate using that term because he has never hit me in th face before.. but if he doesn't like something I said or if I "treat him stupid" then he'll hit me or throw something at me...

About a year ago I found out about something that he never told me.. It's been really bugging me and making me go insane!!! Because any time I mention it he treats me like I should drop it as if I am crazy!!!!!!

About a year ago when I first ever really mentioned it he hit me extremely bad all over my body.. not enough to break bones or cause any actual damage. That is why I hate calling it abusive because there are some people going through worse!

Anytime I try and leave he will embarrass the hell outta me in front of his family and he'll block the door and threaten me! Idk what to do!!!

He knows how to minulate me as well... He is so much smarter than I am! I am not just saying that because he makes me feel that way... I've never done good in school, but he was a straight A student... He grew up with a bad environment as a child and he's seen a lot... Maybe that is why he treats me the way he does..... I don't ever see him hitting or throwing anything at his aunt or Grandma when they get into an argument...... I feel like it's just me... I am in the wrong... He doesn't like who I am

(We have been together for almost 7 years... We got together when we were 16.. now we are both 23.. I feel like we held each other back...) [SEP]
Hi, my girlfriend opened up to me about her sexuality she said she's something along the lines of a heteroromantic bisexual, I'm not quite sure what this mean but I have a rough Idea. My main concern is how to proceed from here, she's never been with a girl but she says that she's attracted to them too. All my past girlfriends have been straight so I never really have any experience dealing with this, I obviously love her no matter what and this changes nothing really, but I just wanted to know if from here on there's something different I should be doing or just am I supposed to expect any changes? I just need some help (if y'all could explain heteroromantic bisexuality to me too it'll be a big help) [SEP]
She told me she didn't want to see or hear from me again, but now I've got a headache and I'm not sure if its covid or not. I'm going to schedule a test and find out, but idk if I should reach out and tell her if its positive. She's had it before and is also vaccinated, but she only got her second shot on Saturday. I'm worried cause idk if she can still get sick, or if her mom is vaccinated, or any of the people she works with, or anyone else we were with. Should I tell her if it comes back positive? She probably won't get it anyway but still, I'm not sure. [SEP]
We've known each other in Highschool and started dating secretly after I graduated. I should have known the secretly part was probably a red flag. Some context I'm 130 cm (4'3) and I'm very "underdeveloped" due to medical reasons and I rather not make the whole post about my condition. Though I've had supporting friends there's always been stigma around me and relationships, where friends would act like they would be interested in helping me find one and then turning around and making jokes about me being "pedo-bait" or jokingly saying I need to find guys who are into young girls. Despite this, I always had a feeling my ex BF liked me and I felt the same, and over playing videogames and talking on the phone, we decided to make it official one day as long as we kept it a secret because "He didn't want everybody in our bussiness".

Here where the problem starts. Even though everybody was seemingly nice and supportive towards me, they secretly (or even sometimes openly) teased him about being with me behind my back. His cousin alerted his parents he had a girlfriend through teasing him about how small I am, and after seeing pictures of me, apparently didn't approve of him dating me "for his safety". People I trusted and were friends with made him feel insecure while bolstering my confidence in how cute of a couple we were, even if they meant it towards a joke.

Later on after months of dating, after a year of dating (over half of it being secretely), he became very distant from me, finally alerting me in a text that we needed to talk. I asked what was wrong, and he went on a spill about how everybody makes him feel terrible, and he told his parents we broke up a while ago and didn't tell me, and how he's teased a lot, or he's worried he'll get in trouble in public around me. It all came crashing down in a heavy blow since I thought everybody, including his family, liked me.

So I'm back to being insecure and single, feeling as if I did something wrong and betrayed by people I felt close with, including him. He claims he still loves me, but it's just "too much" for him. He still texts me, and we have the same group of friends (yes, I'm still friends with most if not all of them) so I see him still and we pretend like everything is okay but it's clearly awkward. He told me recently he still has feelings for me while he was drunk, but I think he's just lonely and wanting sex or some sort of connection since he isn't really popular with girls. Should I just start ignoring him, and even my friends? Am I stupid for still being cool with them all, including him? I don't feel "cool" with them all anymore. I feel like they all secretly talk behind my back and all of the support they shown to me before is fake.

I dunno. I mostly wanted to rant. [SEP]
My wife (26F) and I (29M) pretty much have not had sex since COVID started.

Mostly because two months into it, I lost my job as an office manager at a small business. There were no other jobs hiring as much as hospital jobs so I made the decision to become a janitor at a hospital.

The steep drop in income, as well as that Id be working in the front lines, made my wife tell me she can’t bear to touch me at all. I ended up making the decision that because my dad had a empty room above a detached garage that for the time being I’d go to work and then go home to my dad’s garage with it’s separate entrance so I wasn’t putting anyone at risk.

I thought things were going ok. My wife and I had a 3 year old daughter together and I’d Facetime her whenever I could. But my wife started getting distant and asking if I could pick up another job because our finances were still so tight.

She was disappointed when I said I didn’t think I could find any and the people at the hospital were telling us that overworking ourselves would really doom us if the virus happened to be incubating inside of us.

I would call my wife and she started just not answering my calls until later. I was the most alone I’d ever been but I thought that at least my wife seemed to be ok since she was posting about having Zoom wine and cheese night or virtual board game night with her friends pretty much every night on her story. Slowly though my Facetime calls would be reduced to a few quick words with my wife before she put the phone on my daughter.

I came home around fall of 2020. However, my wife said she’d rather I sleep in the guest bedroom and keep most of my activities restricted to that area. So basically from that point all the way to March, I would spend most of my time at home in my separate room and only my daughter would sometimes come in.

I started suspecting something suspicious when my wife would just leave the house for long periods of time. Also, I saw discarded price tags of expensive clothes and other stuff m that I knew we wouldn’t be affording on my salary.

She leaves her iPad open one day and I see a trail of money transfers via Zelle from the same person.

She finally admits to the affair but phrases it as she was in “ total survival mode” and sarcastically said that I had “ hopped off into the sunset like you were going off to war and I was supposed to wait at the windowsill for you.”

After our blowout argument I go to my dad’s house to blow off steam. When I get back home, my daughter was up already but my wife was sleeping. She was clearly upset and could sense we were fighting.

We went to counseling and my wife told me some legitimate issues she was having, namely the panic attacks at the thought of getting coronavirus and being a single mom to our daughter.

Two weeks go by since our last session and my wife starts feeling sick. During therapy we had promised each other an open phone policy if either of us felt uncomfortable ( because she also said that she cheated because she was thinking I could have easily also had an affair.)

I felt she was being sneaky again so I asked if I could see her phone. She then said that she needed to talk to me. She broke the news that she took two pregnancy tests and went to the doctor when I was at work with the father and the texts reflect that.

It’s a foregone conclusion that the baby isn’t mine. I didn’t want to come face to face with the other man but my wife said that he wants to be a part of his kid’s life.

My wife and I are both white and the other man is African American. And the other man says that he’s the only one who can impart on the kid the other half of his or her identity.

After I told my family they all said that eventually my daughter was going to ask questions and there was no way to brush this one under the rug.

They are blowing up about the fact that I was going to have a physical representation of my wife’s infidelity around me and begged me to leave her.

But my wife had said previously that if I tried to leave her I would just end up breaking my daughter’s heart. And in the past few days I’ve been bombarded by assumptions that I will be racist towards the child, especially from the birth father.

This has not done anything to my view that every person is equal and it burns me that people think just because this awful thing of infidelity I experienced involved a black man and will soon involve a biracial baby that I’m racist.

I will never be anything but affectionate to the kid. I will honor the child as my daughter’s sibling. But I don’t think I can stand my wife anymore.

I don’t think I can stand being around her because every moment it’s always anger and stress for me. Like how this baby she wants to have is coming but I don’t see how I could be in the delivery room when the father wants to be there. I don’t know what to tell my daughter who knows that I’m very upset right now.

I can barely afford to make rent for our family yet she was out spending some other guy’s money on her own comfort items. Do I stay and allow the father start paying for expenses related to the baby? Do I have to let him visit the house now or talk to him? I don’t think I can do either. My wife said that the affair ended but now their relationship will never end.

But my daughter is very astute and will be seeing how I handle this. And part of me still remembers the things that made me fall in love with my wife. But I hate to say that I would have forgiven her if she wasn’t pregnant. I’m sorry- I don’t hate the kid or anything but this just made everything so much more complicated.

I am at a loss of how I would leave. [SEP]
My life went from amazing to fucked up, so please forgive any further use of harsh words.

A week ago my bf and I went with 3 of our best friends out on the coast to have a weekend on the beach. Booked hotel rooms, wasn't cheap cuz corona but still. The weather was perfect, it's like 30km from where I live, seemed amazing. Eversince me and my bf got together (6 months ago), I've been having throuble finding and keeping friends, because people stopped assuming I'm straight and started judging me for looking good and being gay (you have no idea how many times I heard people say to me "shame, such a waste of genes", or asking me and my bf to kiss so they can film it for tik tok). Generally, I was blessed with a pretty face, I worked on my body and because of it I struggled in my early teens to find love, since I gave myself too high of a criteria for how my boyfriend should look like. I was extremely lucky to find a guy that didn't just go over those imaginary standards of mine, I now can't think of life without him. Even his imperfections are perfect, and our relationship has been a dream come true for me. As I said, I had problems finding friends, and the only 3 "real friends" (or so I thought) were those 3 girls, one that i knew since childhood, and the other two she introduced us to. Generally, the friendship was a dream come true too, untill yesterday that girl I've been friends for a long time sent me screenshots of their chat where they were sharing around some kind of a link. And that link was a file on google drive, a video of me and my boyfriend having sex last week, in our room, where we we're staying on our trip together with them. WHAT THE FUCK. I had to take some pills in order to keep myself together while talking to her on the phone. The bitches took a bluetooth webcam and put it under the TV in our fucking room. How shitty of a person do you have to be to even think about doing something like that. I never thought that being a cute couple could bring such bullshit into your life. The main thing is we didn't just have sex, my bf has a foot fetish and is generally kinky and we did way more than just in and out, because yeah, that's us, and nobody should know that but us, and thanks to them, that link sits in a instagram group where they and some other girls hang out, and only god knows how many times those other people or they themselves sent it elsewhere. They could have even uploaded it to some "I'm a pathetic bitch and watch gay porn" site, for assholes like themselves to watch. The worst part is, that my friend, the "you're a part of family" friend who I know since I was 2, didn't try to stop them and when I made her answer, even admitted too to masturbating to the video. If it was just me in it, I'd tell each and every one of them what an ass they are, and wouldn't care even if the whole school was watching because I know solitude damn well, and I don't mind being alone when everybody around me is a shit person. However, I'm in a relationship, in a perfect relationship that's going to get ripped apart if my boyfriend finds out about this, because he didn't know any of these people before I introduced him to them, he would have never ended up on a sex tape had it not been me, and his friends might do drugs, but they are good people for fucks sake, and due to me, he's now got his record to worry about, for who knows what job employer might run into him and his loving boyfriend having sex.

Sorry, no backstory, I'm stressed. Writting this might be a mistake, but I haven' got anything to lose. I can't tell anybody, I can't ask anyone for advice... So if you can share some advice, please do. [SEP]
2 days ago, my father suddenly groped me as we were driving and was trying to make out. Thankfully, I pushed him away and he didn't do anything else. This was the first time he ever did that.

Now I know the obvious solution is to let my mother know. The problem is that she had been constantly accusing me of trying to seduce him. A year ago, this led into an argument and it ended with her using a pan to hit my head a few times. Similar occurrences with her hitting me has since happened.

If I tell her that my father groped me and it comes out wrong, she could end up killing me. How do I tell her in the right way that my father sexually assaulted me? [SEP]
I'm(F16) french on my dads(M44) side and American on my moms. My dad and his family live in the city, so their life always seems so fast paced and adventurous, while mine, kinda boring. Usually, I'd stay with my mom from September-May, and from june-August, I stay with my dad. My dad temporarily moved back to where him and my mom met (my hometown), so I see him 3-4 times a week for the past year. My dad's wife is fully french and they have 2 kids (13M, 11F). They always speak french at home, but they try to adjust whenever I'm around. I never noticed it as much, but now that I have been there so often, it's been really apparent. My siblings speak it to each other most of the time, and my dad and step mom speak it to each other all the time. They'll never purposely exclude me though, that's just how they talk to each other. I'm not annoyed about this because that is their language and I'm trying my best to learn but I do feel out of the ordinary. It's like oof...don't really know what you're saying. Also, they are a very close knit family. My dad and step-mom have been great people in my life, and it's great that they interact with their kids that way, but sometimes I wish that was my family too. My mom has been married and divorced twice(not to my dad), and we just aren't close like that. My dad, siblings and step mom laugh with each other, are so healthy and I'm just like, well this is new. Yeah, this is just what I feel. [SEP]
Here's the situation:

My husband likes a very clean house, he was putting in a lot of effort to keep things tidy (dishes, de-cluttering, garbage, laundry, etc.), But most of the cleaning (washing floors, dusting, etc.) Has mostly been done by me. Of course, there was plenty of overlap, until recently.

The past year, I have been on maternity leave. All household duties have fallen on me, since I am home. In general, i don't do as much as he would like, so he complains. Now, I am going back to work and dont see how everything can possibly get done with all our new responsibilities.

We have previously discussed a cleaner coming in once a week and he is against the idea. Both of us make plenty of money, so money isn't a problem, but my husband is very frugal.

Problem is, I am the one who gets the complaints about things not being clean enough and I take it personally. So much so, that it's put a strain on our marriage.

A) we have their own separate bank accounts as well as a joint account, would it be awful for me to pay a cleaner (from my own money) to come in once a week and then take the credit for myself? It would make me happy, and my husband happy as long as he thought I was doing the cleaning.

B) Or would it be better to transparent and put my foot down and say we're having a cleaner come in even though there would be resentment? This situation would be paid for by the joint account.

Thoughts? [SEP]
I've been a sex worker since i was 18, it wasn't my choice to do it neither did i want to, but yeah i won't get into details now. Anywas i've always drawn a harsh line between emotional and just casual sex and, i never had feelings for any of my clients, or shown interest, but then i met this guy last year, he would come to me pretty often, not because he is ugly or something and doesn't get any girls, but because let me say he has a ,,weird" fetish and isn't really confident in trying it with a ,, normal person". So yeah we met up pretty often, and he became one of my favorite clients, being an escort is though because a lot of men are rude, aggressive etc, but he's actually a very quiet and nice guy. I know it's really the bare minimum but he always treated me so nice during and after sex, and would stop if something was hurting me,or asked if it was okay to do something etc( alot of men don't do it because i'm an escort yeah). Sometimes when he noticed that i was down, he would refuse to have sex and just sat there listening to my problems. I've now managed to to come out of the sex worker buisness, i'm in college studying law. A week ago i told him i'll be stopping, and yesterday he booked his last appointmnent but this time he wanted me to come over to his, (usually i don't go over to Clients, but i know him pretty well) he had prepared my favorite dish , bought me a little gift and gave me flowers. So yeah we spent the rest of the evening watching a film, and it was the first time we kissed without sex being involved. I really like him, had fewlings for him for about 7 months or so , i want to tell him,but i'm not sure how to tell him, or if he even likes me, because he's a very kind guy as i said, and i don't know maybe he did it just to be nice, i mean wouldn't he have told me yesterday? I don't know should i tell him how i feel, he said he's coming over in 2 hours to bring my shirt, i forgot at his house. [SEP]
We have been together for over a year and we live together. I'm her first romantic and sexual partner. Our relationship is doing very well. She is a lovely and caring person, and we pretty much do everything together. She is a bit chubby, and because of that she has some problems accepting her body. She is also very introverted and finds it very difficult to talk about her emotions.

My problem is that she is extremely shy during sex. To the point that she doesn't want me to look at her body or face. She also never initiates sex, and doesn't show any desire for me when we do it. She doesn't like to give or recieve oral, because it's too perverted for her. Anything more than a few basic positions is out of questions. Toys are out of questions, lingerie also.

All of this makes me feel not desired at all. In a sexual way. The fact that she doesn't initiate sex makes me feel like she doesn't want to do it with me, and the fact that during the intercourse she doesn't do anything makes me feel that I am not good enough.

I've had many talks with her over the problem, and she says she desires me but can't show it. She has some 'barriers' that are stopping her, which is the same when she wants to talk about emotions. She wants to, but something is stopping her and she can't. She doesn't know where these 'barriers' come from or what to do with them.

To me it feels like she has a problem with accepting herself, and that may lead to having these 'barriers', but I am not at all competent to give statements like this, it's just my feeling.

I've proposed that maybe she should progress step by step, but she doesn't progress at all, since something is stopping her. I also tried to talk to her about what makes her to be comfortable during sex and what makes her not comfortable, also what is pleasureable to her and what is not. But she finds it hard to talk about anything related to sex and her emotions. She also doesn't want to go to a specialist.

So my question is: what can I do to help her show desire for me during sex, and also what can I do to help her talk about her emotions and sexual needs? [SEP]
Hey all,

So for context I never really had a hobby before other than video games. But recently I’ve been getting into the Pokémon Trading Card game. I actually really enjoy it and I feel like it’s actually making my brain work for it.

I told my girlfriend about it excitedly since she knows that I’ve been searching for a hobby for a while. Unfortunately, when I told her about it she thought it was kind of childish for a 22 year old man to be playing with Pokémon cards and doesn’t see much of a difference between this and a video game. (I’m play online for now because Covid)

Now whenever I’m on my laptop she always asks “Are you playing your Pokémon’s?” Idk,it just feels a bit condescending. Almost like it makes me feel bad to play it around her.

This all comes as a shock to me because she’s usually very supportive of me and hobbies I’ve tried in the past. I almost want to stop and try something else just so I don’t feel embarrassed.

EDIT: I’ve read every single comment and did what most of them suggested. Talk it out. Her older brother helped out to as he was in the other room working. We basically put it that this hobby wasn’t much different than her favorite hobby which is Disney pin collecting. You go out, buy mystery packs or themed packs of said collectible item, collect them and possibly trade them if you find something someone else has that you’d like. You can even go to events and meet other people or sell it to possibly make some good money! After that, she said “Oh! Wow I guess that does make sense.” She has sense even asked about rules and games that I’ve played since. I think she does feel a little guilty that I had to actually had a conversation about it... but hopefully she’ll be a bit more supportive of it now. Thanks everyone! [SEP]
To my Redditers who are in long-lasting relationships/ Marriages. What has kept you in those relationships for so long?

I've recently been looking at relationships around me, including the marriage of my parents and the long-term romantic relationship of my friends. I'm just curious to know-how and why can one keep up with another all the time?

Have you ever gotten sick of them? Is it really possible to be with someone for 20+ years and not be concerned, worried, or bored?

I personally am still relatively young, and the questions might come with some inexperience.

I would love to hear anyone's thoughts on the topic and any additional information that might be enlightening! [SEP]
Long story short is I have a friend who I met in World of Warcraft several years ago. I want to say about 2015. She's been an incredible friend and I've never even met her. We have never been anything but platonic. We've both been married the full duration of knowing each other, and her husband knows of me as well, we've talked. There's no animosity, perceived threat, etc, as the relationship has been pretty much 100% platonic since we first met.

When I got divorced a couple of years ago she offered a lot of support, was very unbiased but also on my side and in my corner. She's been there through all of my idiotic dating mishaps, having my side, talking me off a ledge (nothing horrible just getting upset if something I was excited about didn't work out). She's been available to talk on the phone in rare instances some really screwed up shit happened.

None of this has ever crossed the boundaries of a platonic relationship. Neither of us have ever turned the conversation to inappropriate. There's never been anything in my chat with her I wouldn't show a partner (other than maybe advice seeking/female perspective seeking about dating them, not anything dishonest).

She's been going through a really, really tough time. I'm not qualified to help her. It's nothing with her marriage or anything. She has some depression and anxiety that she's working out, and I just feel horrible that I can't help in any way. I'm an ear if need be, but I think we both have a mutual understanding that I'm not qualified to help her in that way. I just have an open door policy on talking.

Onto my question. I want to do something really nice for her as a thank you for kinda having my back all these years. We've never even met in person so I've never been able to treat her and her husband to a dinner or anything all these years. She's never asked me for anything, ever. Actually she's asked me if she could send me something for my birthday and I declined politely knowing she was a student at the time who probably should save her money but greatly appreciated it. I just want to send her (and her husband) each a nintendo switch as kind of a token. Him for not taking my friend away or getting jealous where there's no romantic interest, and her just for being there for me for all these years. [SEP]
I’ve been with my partner for seven years now and we have been engaged for the last four years. We also have a two year old together, which obviously makes this situation so difficult.

I’ll start by saying that I love my fiancé very much. We have been through a hell of a lot together and I consider him my best friend. He’s the first person I want to tell good news to and when he is having his good days I am completely head over heals in love with him. He is a great father and adores our son to death. He would do absolutely anything for our child and I know that. While all of this is true, he has some qualities, or lack there of, that are starting to become real issues.

When we first got together, we were both pretty lazy. We liked to spend most of our time napping, watching movies, or getting drunk or high. For the first five years of our relationship, right before I got pregnant, this is all we really did. Neither of us had goals or hobbies, we just kind of assumed one day things would fall into place. In some ways I feel guilty because this is who he thought he was marrying, someone just like him. And I don’t want to change somebody who enjoys the way they are. But at the age of 27, with a baby, I just want more for my future. I want more for our future. But, it feels like my fiancé is content with scraping by and doing the absolute bare minimum in life.

I really would like to go back to school and get a degree. I’ve been seeing a therapist and have been taking medication for ADHD which I was recently diagnosed with. I also think the ADHD has had everything to do with the way I was before. I have been trying to work out here and there and have been practicing meditation for my anxiety. I’ve been trying to find simple hobbies and I’ve been endlessly researching careers and degrees this year. I just have so much hope for my future, and I want to provide a better life for my son than what I grew up in.

I also hate feeling like the failure in our town. I know that seems silly and it shouldn’t be about what other people think, but in our small town where we both grew up, it’s hard not to feel ashamed when everyone around you is moving on with their lives. Everyone is graduating, getting engaged AND planning their wedding, buying houses, getting job offers, etc. My fiancé and I do...nothing. Literally, nothing. He couldn’t care less whether we get married or not, he doesn’t care if he gets a different job or makes more money in the future, he doesn’t want to hustle or at least have a hobby.

I keep trying to tell myself, “focus on yourself, your son, and your own progress and quit worrying about him”. But all of these goals and dreams I have are so difficult to accomplish when the person I’m with wants to do absolutely nothing with his time. He has always told me that he suffers from depression but rarely does anything about it. He will go to a doctor and get on medicine for about a month and then quit. I think he does it just to entertain me and once it’s out of my mind he gives up. Im tired of caring more about his mental health than he does. I’ve also asked him so many times what he would like to do careerwise in the future and he doesn’t even remotely care. He has no dreams or interests or hobbies. The only thing that’s close to that is reading, which he does on his phone. So basically 90% of his free time is just him sitting there on his phone ignoring me.

I hate feeling like I can’t have the life I want or can’t accomplish the things I want while being in a relationship with him. But that is exactly how I feel. For the last few years I have been really trying to turn my life around and to be a productive member of society. But being around someone who is constantly down or just doesn’t want to do anything but lay in bed makes it very difficult for me to get anything done. I will be having a super productive, happy day and my fiancé will come home and bitch forever about how tired he is or how bad his back hurts or whatever is wrong with him that day and it just instantly ruins my mood. Especially because I’m a stay at home mom and I take care of absolutely everything apart from bills and I don’t bitch AND I don’t get paid for all the work I do.

All in all, it seems like we’re just two completely different people these days. I want to work on mental and physical health, he doesn’t. I want to work towards a good career, he doesn’t. I want to get up early and be productive, he wants to sleep in every day and stay up late reading every night. I want to have hobbies and side hustles, he wants to take a nap when he has free time (his naps are usually after he’s off work so that he doesn’t eat dinner with us or anything). It’s just becoming so exhausting trying to love and build a future with someone who is just living to die one day. I need more out of life than this.

Is it possible for us to work this out? Are we just too different? I don’t want to separate our child’s parents but I can’t do this forever. I want my son to have the best mom she can be and I’m nowhere near the best I can be with my fiancé bringing me down every day. [SEP]
ll admit I don't have the normal life I had envisioned when I thought of getting married. I apologize if this is a bit long and convoluted.

My wife (43F) and I (42M) have been together for 20 years and married for 11. I would say today we are best friends and confidants. She is absolutely gorgeous and I love her very much. But it's much more complex than that.

When we started seeing each other 20 years ago, the sex was fantastic and frequent, but it took a slow but very steady decline so that by the time we married, we barely had sex. My wife's libido wound down to almost zero. She worked later hours than me, so we started to sleep in different bedrooms. At some point I realized we were becoming friends and roommates rather than spouses and that hurt, deeply. I'd speak to her about it(trying to hide the anger and hurt it caused, but failing) but we never really got anywhere. The interesting thing is it never seemed to get really bad: we were still great together in all other aspects, we would hug and kiss, but I noticed in myself the affection, the touching that I used to give her were starting to wane. I broke down and told my wife that the thought of going the rest of my life without sex was killing me.

My wife suggested an open marriage and while I was hesitant, I soon found a FWB and realized that by having regular (great) sex with someone else, I was actually kinder, more affectionate and loving with my wife. Our marriage (other than sleeping together) was dramatically better. My FWB eventually decided that she wanted something more and, realizing it wasn't going to be with me (and with heart a tiny bit broken), moved on to meet and marry a great man. We're still friends to this day.

And so it went with several of these relationships and each would follow the same cycle. I'd meet a woman, talk about my situation truthfully and manage to find a lover. Sometimes it would be a few night stand, sometimes it would be months-long relationships. It would always end the same way, though, with us getting feelings for each other, her eventually realizing we didn't have a future together and her moving on. It turns out that there are a lot of people in this world who just want to feel loved and will take it where they can find it. While I'd come home, tell my wife of this (not details), we'd talk, laugh, kiss and hug like we always did.

My wife also found a FWB and her relationship with him followed the same trajectory as the one we had, with the benefits part waning rather quickly (I suppose once the hormones from a new exciting relationship went away). And still, we came home to each other, laughed, kissed and went to sleep in our separate bedrooms.

I took a job at a startup in a city a few hours away, and since it was very unstable, we decided my wife would stay at her job for a little longer and then we'd find a place together in the new city. Well, it turned out that that job (once it stabilized) involved an extended stay in a remote town for a year. Not wanting to move my wife there for a temporary posting, we kept our LDR, visiting each other every few weeks to a month, always having a good time together.

Now here's where it gets complicated. I met R (50F) two and a half years ago at the very end of this posting, when I was interviewing for a new job. She was stunningly beautiful and funny, and I by chance met her in the hotel where I was staying. We clicked, went back to my room and had an amazing time together. She was in a failing marriage and about to move out, but not ready to publicly acknowledge that her marriage was over. She needed to be desired and wanted, but couldn't have a 'real' boyfriend. We met several times while my previous job was finishing, and I wound up taking that job at which I interviewed, putting me in the same city as her. My wife and I started looking for a place together in the new city. At this startup, also being unstable, it looked like things were going to change quickly, so we held off on finding a place together and continued the LDR, seeing each other every few weeks and always having a great time together.

In the meantime, R and I kept growing closer. We would go out together, plan dates, spend nights, weekends at each other's places and act like couples do. Still, she understood the relationship my wife and I had and respected it. My job kept me on the road so we would often go weeks without seeing each other, only to fall right back into each other's arms when we were together again. We would joke about how she was going to dump me when she got that divorce and could date again.

Eventually, R and her husband got that divorce. Then the pandemic hit. I moved back in with my wife (finally!) and we get along great just like old times (without sex). But the pandemic put the pause on normal dating and R and I kept the relationship going, with me visiting her every few weeks and spending a week or so together, having an amazing time together, laughing, snuggling, and having great sex. Well, this year as the world opened up again, R started dating online and met someone. It was finally time for her too, to move on. Only this time, I realized that it was my heart that broke. Despite always loving my wife (and always choosing her), I had fallen for this woman and the knowledge that I was losing her tore me apart.

It hit me that the pain of ending relationships is really only tolerable with the hope that maybe the next one won't end. I, on the other hand was continuously putting others (and myself) in relationships with an expiration date and the pain of a breakup guaranteed. I realized what I was doing was such a waste of love, energy and time that could be spent, undivided, with one person.

I had an extremely difficult conversation with my wife and told her that I loved and adored her, but that I can't be in a marriage without the intimacy and connection of sex and I can't repeat the cycle I've been in again; the hurt for everyone was too much. I expected this conversation to be the beginning of our divorce.

She. Actually. Agreed with me though! She said she blamed herself and her mother's aversion to sex, as well as some pain when we were having sex previously. She said she's attracted to me and wanted to try again. We agreed to start slow, just touching and holding each other intimately, then cuddling, then actually sleeping in the same bed. Last night we had sex for the first time in many years. It was different, without the rush of a new relationship, but with the comfort of knowing each others bodies, even from a long time ago. I'm not under the illusion that we're fixed, or that we'll just go on perfectly fine from here, and it could all fall apart, but for now, I have hope for a real marriage.

I know it's a bit of a reach, but if anyone has experience with this kind of thing I could use some advice. I want to believe it's possible to save this marriage and I'm looking for help to give it a chance.

TL;DR My wife(43F) and I (42M) tried an open marriage due to libido issues and it almost tore us apart. We're trying to come back from it and rekindle bedroom intimacy. I don't know if it's truly possible and am looking for help to give us the best chance to make it. [SEP]
I will start off with some brief background. I have been dating a girl for three years. We moved in together about a year ago. However, the past several months have been quite hectic to say the least. Around this time, I asked if she had cheated on me and she freaked out on me.. I found the reaction to be one of "oh shit" rather than "baby, why would you think that".



Since Covid, It has become apparent that she's not a "team player". For example, I might do the dishes and then ask her the next day to do them but the reaction is always one of "fuck you, you don't do shit".. I calmly tell her that I did them yesterday and she insists that's the first time I've done dishes in months(Which is a outright lie). I have tried to explain that I've done the dishes 4-7 days a week since we've been together and she insists that I am lying to her. I find it a pointless and petty argument(especially with a significant other) so just reiterate that I did them X times this week and would appreciate if she did them. At this point she usually gets mad, says I don't listen, then gets in bed... Although she sometimes does them, I find it easier to spend 5 minutes doing dishes then approaching this pettiness. More recently, She has taken the stance that my alarm clock is annoying to herself and has taken it onto herself to turn off my alarm clock in the morning. I have adamantly explained(and yelled) that this is fucked up and to not touch my alarm clock(I have missed several meeting because of this and its fucking with my life). After weeks of this, she has now gone two days without touching it but I have spent 1 hour each night prior reiterating that she is to leave my alarm clock alone or I'll sleep on the couch.

I might be more invested in this situation but I am sure some might have the question: "Why are you still with her"...

To this, I will explain that we signed a lease together and I am trying to make the most of it; There also might be some hope that she'll get her head out of her ass and understand how her actions effect those around her. However, Today she began crying because I told her that I didn't want to eat at the restaurant she suggested and that I'd find another. After she screamed, kicked me out of her car, and then requested a apology for myself for criticizing her choices, I opted to eat by myself. We returned home at which point she really began to scream. I had told her two days prior that I had work which I had to do today so reminded her of that and told her that we could chat in the evening. She began screaming louder and louder at which point I reiterated once again and continued doing work. This escalated until she started throwing stuff at me at which point I told her to knock it off and continued. She then smashed a glass bottle over the desk and pulled a knife on me. At this point, I told her I'm fucking done with this shit and will be leaving. After several hours of crying, I invited her to the store to grab dinner. We had a nice dinner and she became frisky at the table. However, Several minutes into giving me a blowjob she began crying saying "I'm horrible, I can't even make you cum".



At this point, I am convinced she's cheated on me, hates me because I tell her to do her dishes and whatnot(god its draining), and is adamantly doing this for attention or a hatred for me(Fucking with my alarm, making a fuss over a restaurant, etc.). Do some people really have so much free time on their hands and are so dissatisfied with their life that they'd prefer to focus their energy on someone else then getting their shit together? I would love other perspectives on this. Why would someone actually do this? Do I refer her to help..? [SEP]
I (23F) have a friend that I've known for years. We got especially close in the past few years throughout college and would often go out to clubs together and hang out all the time. I would consider him (24M) a really good friend. This all happened about 3 weeks ago, he and some of my fiance's friends came over to our apartment to hang out and drink. My friend, we can call him Jeff, and my fiance's friend, Sam (22M) both were pretty drunk, and decided to spend the night as to not drive home drunk. Sam slept on the floor and Jeff slept on the couch. Jeff lives close enough to walk and I offered to drive him home, but he refused. We all go to sleep and the next morning when I wake up, they are both gone. A few days later my fiance gets a call from Sam and Sam tells us that Jeff sexually assaulted him that night. He wouldn't leave him alone so much that Sam decided to drive home plastered. Thankfully he did not get into an accident (its a 30 minute drive). Sam has a history of abuse with sexual assault from his older brother growing up and none of him family believes him, so this was very traumatic for him. He was crying and broken and hurt. He asked us to not invite him over again if Jeff is there. However, I am wondering, as a (I'll call it what it is) rape victim myself, I don't know if I can be friends with Jeff anymore.

I asked my sister for advice a week ago and she told me about a story where she heard Jeff one night try and take advantage of another mutual friend of ours, James (24M). I won't go into the details, but James was hysterical and tried to get away from Jeff so he locked himself in my sister's bedroom having a panic attack. This just makes me wonder how many other people this has happened to.

I have not been contacting Jeff at all and he finally realized yesterday that something was up. He kept calling me and I was currently at work so I told him to hold on and I'll tell him everything when I'm done, but he told me I was lying and I wasn't at work and then came over to my house and started knocking. I didn't let him in. My fiance called him and told him that now was not the right time. I was very flustered and panicking, but I managed to tell him everything later. I never wanted to have this conversation but because I was just trying to get everything out, I accused him of assaulting Sam, which I shouldn't have done. I should have just informed him of what I was told. But I'm going to believe what Sam told me. Jeff, with the way he is talking, doesn't seem to think he actually sexually assaulted anyone. He asked me "why would I want to hurt Sam?" And "before you accused me, you should have came to me." He mentioned that he wants to prove himself and I should not drag his name down and I should not have sat on this for so long (3 weeks). I know I shouldn't have, but I just didn't know what to do. Not sure if this is important to note, but a few weeks ago we were having a conversation about what constitutes sexual assault or rape, and Jeff was making the argument that if someone has sex with another person and that person just lays there and does nothing, it is not sexual abuse because they did not try to stop it. This argument got heated between Jeff and my sister. I stayed out of it. Jeff has also told me that he, himself has been sexually assaulted more times than he can count, so I just don't understand why he could do that to someone else if he "understands the pain and shame it brings."

So what do I do? How do I move forward? I've been thinking about this constantly since I told Jeff, and it's eating me up. I don't know if I just need time or if I should cut him off as a friend. I don't want to pain Sam anymore either. [SEP]
Am I the only one who thinks my parents should divorce? My parents has long history of abuse. They were both involved with different people at least once. I am sure my dad was involved with several other woman . And they both know about this. They are married for more than 30 years. I love my parents but I am 22 now . And I know my parents relationship has affected in my social skills . I haven't had long term romantic relationship in 4 years. I stay away from man that resembles my dad. I also know my mum isn't innocent. They are perfect example of toxic failed marriage. Me and my siblings have played mediator and therapist in their fights. I just want to run away and not accept that i m brought up in a broken family. I feel embarrassed about not having a perfect family. I have turned resentful to my family for the emotional trust issues they have brought upon me.I cant open up to any guy and speak about my childhood trauma.How can i be vulnerable and find a secure relationship, get married and have a family with the burden of my past? PS: My parents are still together, my dad has affair and my mum complains me about him meeting with her. [SEP]
I’ve noticed sometimes I’ll ask my boyfriend questions about why things are the way they are. (I’m an extremely curious person since a childhood) I asked my boyfriend today that “why is this gamer saying to a female gamer ‘get off the game and get back in the kitchen’?” After hearing a fellow gamer online say this through his headset. It was a very grossly sexist thing to say. I was just deeply curious why - a lot of times- male gamers will make these remarks to female gamers. I know very well my bf doesn’t make these remarks to me or other gamers (I’d be done with him a long time ago if so). Bf starts to sigh getting worked up as I’m fueling this conversation about how it happens to me , why it’s not okay etc etc and he starts to raise his voice. “BABE I DONT KNOW WHY. WHYRE YOU TRYING TO ARGUE WITH ME ABOUT THIS???” I was just shocked. I had a calm voice the whole time I was never accusing or arguing with him about anything. I was simply INQUIRING the psyche of people. Anyways he does this sometime. I’ll ask him general questions and sometimes he’ll get all worked up, defensive, acting like I’m trying to start a fight. It’s confusing and it makes me feel like am I annoying him or something ? Can I get some advice about this? I just want to understand why he does this. NOTE: I AM JUST TRYING TO UNDERSTAND WHY MY BOYFRIEND GETS DEFENSIVE WHEN I ASK HIM STUFF SOMETIMES. THE EVENT ABOUT HIM GAMING IS AN EXAMPLE. [SEP]
