Earlier today, we learned of a bug in Ultimatum that allows players to generate excessive rewards. Shortly after its discovery, we deployed a hotfix that capped the amount of experience and items that Ultimatums could yield.

We have banned 20 accounts that abused this exploit multiple times. These bans will last until Ultimatum ends in July. We will also void the characters they made in Ultimatum so that they (and their items) will not be transferred to their parent leagues.

If you uncover an exploit in Path of Exile and abuse it for your benefit, we will ban you. [SEP]

Softcore build meta was dominated by scuffed builds far too long imo, people didn't care how good the build was as long as it was either fast clearing or shapers per second damage

You'd see top poe ninja builds with 3k hp, no leech, no recovery even no flasks, absolutely nothing in terms of defense outside of maybe a guard skill just massive aoe coupled with 30+ million damage

And if you want to do that it's still the best way to play most content

And for the most part that was what was needed, since you would just run in a straight line in all content oneshotting couple of screens away

I'm really happy GGG decided to add content that rewards well balanced builds, 0hp meta was getting stale and you would always feel silly building defense and recovery and stuff when you could have pumped everything into damage and AOE and be faster

I wish ultimatum was just a tiny bit more rippy and more rewarding so all the 0 hp guys would feel how i felt when i sighed and rolled my own trash build because it was the most profitable way to run most of the high tier content :D but that's my saltiness pouring out

I think this is a good balance

0 hp builds still have plenty of avenues to do stuff and are still probably the best currency per hour farmers, people will also pump in hundreds of exalts and oneshot everything in an ultimatum and I'm fine with that, balancing breaks with infinite currency and that's a core aspect of every RPG

But fun, challenging and also plenty rewarding content is now reserved for the good builds and that's how it should be

Just because general punishment for dying isn't severe does not mean we can't n have content where it is [SEP]
I just uncovered something that is bigger than I expected and things are fitting together better than I expected.

With that being said, I am still writing this after being up all night. I can't put it down. As much as I'm doing this for you, ya filthy skunk apes, I'm doing it for me, too.

I absolutely cannot rush this: I need to be certain.

Thanks for your patience. [SEP]

've always thought Lewis was one of the greatest drivers of the generation, but there was something about him that always rubbed me wrong way. My girlfriend was asking me about it a few years back, and the only explanation I could give was that "Everything he says feels so rehearsed. So fake. It's like he's saying what he thinks is the right thing to say, instead of saying what he really thinks or feels."



And then after watching Russel smack Bottas upside the head after Vallteri threw him the finger, it hit me : Lewis couldn't do that.



When I thought back to how Lewis' racing career, I realized that he absolutely *had* to be on his best behavior 100% of the time. I knew a bunch of people like that growing up in the states. Their parents would teach them to be super calm headed, never raise their voice or their firsts, never curse, and always dress well and hold you head up high. Their parents would say something like "There are shitty people in the world, and they'll use any ammunition they can find to throw at you. So you better not give them any. "



So in the end yeah, everything Lewis says is probably rehearsed and fake. But it's not because he's being manipulative or shitty. It's because he legitimately feels like he has to be on a constant vigilant guard against people who will use any misbehavior against him.



I mean honestly, can you imagine how shitty twitter would have been if Lewis was the one hitting Bottas upside the head in one of his first few seasons? We would see nothing but racial nonsense. And quite frankly, that's insane.



It must be hard being Lewis. I can't imagine how frustrating it must be to always have some layer on top that you're trying to protect in order to protect yourself from racism.



Good on him, and good on the rest of the grid for last year's efforts.



EDIT: Thanks for front page and all the rewards. #EndRacism [SEP]
I was just wondering if I just have a strange connection to sounds in general, I get pretty easily emotional from music. But certain songs, when played a bit loud I'll admit can make me feel as if emotions are just building and building up. to the point where I almost need to cry to let it out (which I do occasionally when its too much) but it isnt sad crying, more like a crying that is caused by this extreme overwhelming load of emotions that are sent to my brain in a short burst of time.

I often have the feeling like I cant breathe even, and then as these emotions are about to reach it's max I just gasp for air and start crying. It actually feels extremely euphoric, as if nothing on earth is there except me and my thoughts.

Sorry for the long post, was just wondering if other people experience this or know more about it. [SEP]
Is it really any coincidence women are always complaining that the clothes they choose to buy don't have pockets and making fun of men for having too many pockets? I've decided if cargo pants aren't cool I'm taking things to the next level and so now I wear a ghostbusters jumpsuit everywhere. [SEP]
This post has ended up longer than I expected when I started writing it. I know there’s a lot to read here, but I do think it’s all necessary to support my point, so I hope that you’ll read it all before commenting.

For a sub about books, r/books can be disappointingly anti-intellectual at times.

It is not my intention to condemn people for reading things other than literary fiction. Let me emphasise that it is perfectly fine to read YA, genre fiction, and so on. That’s is not what I’m taking issue with.

What I’m taking issue with is the forthright insistence, often amounting to outright hostility, that is regularly displayed on this sub to highbrow literature and, in particular, to the idea that there is ultimately more merit (as distinct from enjoyment) in literary fiction than there is in popular fiction.

There are two separate but related points that are important for understanding where I’m coming from here:

1)There is an important difference between one’s liking a book and one’s thinking that the book is “good”. Accordingly, it is possible to like a book which you do not think is “good”, or to dislike one which you think is “good”. For example, I like the Harry Potter books, even though, objectively speaking, I don’t think they’re all that great. On the other hand, I didn’t enjoy Jane Eyre, though I wouldn’t deny that it has more literary value than Potter.

2) It is possible to say with at least some degree of objectivity that one book is better than another. This does not mean that anyone is obliged to like one book more than another. For example, I think it’s perfectly reasonable to say that White Teeth by Zadie Smith is a better novel than Velocity by Dean Koontz, or even that Smith is a better author than Koontz. However, this does not mean that you’re wrong for enjoying Koontz’ books over Smith’s.

Interestingly, I think this sub intuitively agrees with what I’ve just said at times and emphatically disagrees with it at others. When Twilight, Fifty Shades of Gray, and Ready Player One are mentioned, for example, it seems generally to be taken as red that they’re not good books (and therefore, by implication, that other books are uncontroversially better). If anyone does defend them, it will usually be with the caveat that they are “simple fun” or similar; that is, even the books' defenders are acknowledging their relative lack of literary merit. However, whenever a book like The Way of Kings is compared unfavourably to something like, say, Crime and Punishment, its defenders often react with indignation, and words like “snobbery”, “elitism”, “gatekeeping” and “pretension” are thrown around.

Let me reiterate at this point that it is perfectly acceptable to enjoy Sanderson’s books more than Dostoevsky’s. You are really under no obligation to read a single word that Dostoevsky wrote if you’re dead set against it.

However, it’s this populist attitude - this reflexive insistence that anyone who elevates one novel above another is nothing more than a snob - that I’m calling anti-intellectual here.

This is very much tied up with the slogans “read what you like” and “let people enjoy things” and while these sentiments are not inherently disagreeable, they are often used in a way which encourages and defends anti-intellectualism.

This sub often sees posts from people who are looking to move beyond their comfort zone, whether that be a specific genre like fantasy, or people in their late teens/early twenties who want to try things aside from YA. When this happens, the most heavily upvoted responses are almost always comments emphasising that it’s okay to keep reading that they’ve been reading and urging them to ignore any “snobs” or “elitists” that might tell them otherwise. Other responses make recommendations of more of the same type of book that the OP had been reading, despite the fact that they explicitly asked for something different. Responses that actually make useful recommendations, while not necessarily downvoted, are typically a long way down the list of responses, which in larger threads often means they’re buried.

I am not insisting that we tear copies of Six of Crows out of people’s hands and force them to read Gravity’s Rainbow instead. I’m just saying that as a community that is supposed to love books, when somebody expresses an interest in more sophisticated, complex and literary work, we ought to encourage that interest, not fall over ourselves to tell them not to bother.

I have to confess that when I get frustrated by this, it reminds me of the crabs who, when another crab tries to climb out of the bucket, band together to pull it back in. I think this ultimately stems from insecurity - some users here seem quite insecure about their (popular, non-literary) taste in books and as a result take these attempts by others to explore more literary work as an attack on them and their taste. But it’s fine to read those books, as the regular threads about those sorts of them should be enough to tell you. I just wish people could stop rolling their eyes at the classics and insisting that The Hunger Games is just as good. [SEP]
Emotions are associated with feelings. Most of the time we allow ourselves to be led by what we feel; at times we feel tired, we feel sad, we feel angry, we feel rejected, we feel unwanted, we feel unworthy, we feel depressed, and many other negative feelings. Then, there are the positive feelings... [SEP]
[H] Bayonet ST Marble Fade FN
[W] 600€ OR any offers

The 600€ are a basis of negotiation.

The Steamprice is 670€ at the moment

I would list it privately on skinbaron for safety purposes.

Tradelink

Feel free to contact me on steam as I am not active on reddit. [SEP]
In the era of voice assistants, I was shocked to find out that the lightbulbs don't support Alexa.

Why would Nanoleaf make this choice, considering that all of their other products support Alexa, and they're cutting out a huge piece of the market by not offering this?

I know that they use thread radio, which is mainly used by Apple HomeKit and Google, but could they not use bluetooth as well? Why do inferior knock-off lightbulbs from Amazon offer Alexa compatibility but not the brand name?

I have seen posts hinting at future compatibility for Alexa, but why has this not been implemented yet? [SEP]
My laptop has been laggy since a few days. I am not able to figure out what has been causing it. Also, my 1TB HDD is almost full(200 GB left).

Suggest some good free softwares to solve this issue. Thanks in advance. [SEP]
Anyone else getting a security certificate error on the Domain Logistics tracking site? It was working when I ordered last, just under 2 weeks ago. I guess it doesn't really matter since there is no private information sent, but still, not cool. [SEP]
GREAT PROJECT THAT INCLUDES BOTH DAY TRADERS AS HOLDERS, WE ARE COMING WITH EVERYTHING WITH THE NEW POWER OF EUROPEAN FOOTBALL AND CRYPTACTIVES!

1- PARTNERSHIP WITH THE CHILIZ CURRENCY, BUT WHAT IS CHILIZ? Chiliz (CHZ) is a digital currency developed for sports tokenization and entertainment. Through it, the world's first scalable engagement and reward app for fans was developed. Chiliz was created by the Socios.com platform that feeds through the token. Being an ERC20 utility token available on the Ethereum blockchain, and the BEP-2 token on the Binance Chain.

Apron will support full-chain ecology to help DApp developers choose more blockchain networks Blockchain EUROPEAN SUPER LEAGUE technology uses blockchain solutions as a base. It uses its own consensus proof of the bet, where users who verify the authenticity of the blocks are selected at random. Everything goes fast and the data is immediately written to the block. This process guarantees a high level of security and avoids so-called double expenses. This system also contributes to general decentralization, as each active user is part of the network. These features guarantee high performance for the entire network.

Busy technology This unique model represents the technology developed by EUROPEAN SUPER LEAGUE, which will be applicable to other B2C / C2C platforms through smart contracts. The EUROPEAN SUPER LEAGUE developed includes a comprehensive Web 3.0 solution and a decentralized freelance platform. Utility stakeout is an innovative blockchain feature that will give the real use case of the stakeholder model with platform space occupancy and generated reward.

The smart vault that delivers the highest APY. • Powered by advanced predictive analytics and machine learning. • ESL returns a significantly higher yield than any competitor.

STAKE ESL Features -Deposit tokens in ESL -Rewards compounded automatically -15% of profit deducted towards fee [SEP]
Trump hasn't made it past the year as law suits are being position / queue for a court date. Trump is again shooting off his mouth without reality. So he believes his support base has grown ? Hmmm wrong, I argue he has already lost 5-10% of the conservative base. Then lets wait when the law suits against he and his family comes out, when the stupid of stupid sees the real Trump on full display. I suspect he lose another 5-10%. Then there is a stealth movement among a small faction of GOP who are are leaving and campaigning against the Trump platform. In other words, he doesn't have any momentum of any type except for the momentum he claims. [SEP]
I'm a 23 year old male, I play hours of Video games in my free time after work. about a week an a half ago I was playing call of duty on my PC , While playing I Noticed my right eye started getting a Little bit blurry, I shrugged it off as maybe I was just tired because I don't usually get good sleep. I put some eyedrops in an went to bed. When I wake up the next day, to my surprise its still blurry. so I started googling an looking around because I'm a Hypochondriac. an I see that sudden blurred vision could be a Brain Tumor! I instantly had a panic attack an scheduled an eye appointment for May 10th.

Its not Super blurry to the point I cant see, its just a very mild blur, Almost like when you shut one eye for a second an open it, its blurry until it focuses in, Except mine is constant now. it just feels annoying.

Also a side note, I get 4-6 hours of sleep on average per night also I'm looking at Computer/screens a lot of the day almost everyday. Should I be too worried leading up to my eye appointment? An what are your opinions on what it could be? [SEP]
Exactly, what will happen in the rapture, I read that "everyone who believes in Jesus will rise to the Heavens with him, dead or alive."

Are they saying that regardless of what you've done, committed, etc, as long as you believed in Jesus you are going to go to heaven? [SEP]
I am thinking about tapering off zoloft, I've been on 25mg for nearly a year and I feel like I'm in a much better place in my life than I was when I started and might finally be able to process my emotions and exist like a normal person without the help of medication.

Anything I should keep in mind? Has anyone had any bad side effects after tapering off? [SEP]
