I used to be a smart child. Depression kicked in too early, full blown major depression at 17. Incapable of doing anything. Dropped out of school. I couldn't read. I couldn't focus on anything. It feels like having mild amnesia. My short term memory is awful. I can't recall things I just read, conversations and so on. I feel I'm getting dumber every day. I've returned to school and I'm still struggling because I can't get myself to study or meet deadlines. It makes me so insecure being in class with 17 years olds at 21 and still fail. I'm getting slightly better, at least now I can read more than one page. I don't think my previous self will miraculously ever return. As I said, I'm doing better, but normal things such as keeping personal hygiene take a massive amount of willpower. I find that after showering, dress up, brush my teeth and put some make up on I don't have more energy. To the rest of the world, that's just the beginning of the day. I'm a shell of a person. I'm the shadow of what I used to be. My dream is/was to pursue academia. My professors and even my actual bf told me to just forget about college because of my limited cognitive abilities. I haven't been tested professionally but I took a Raven's online test and scored 90, and that has made me even more insecure. [SEP]

How do you cope with not being able to enjoy things that you feel should give you joy? Kills me knowing I’m just existing and losing time by always feeling so numb...and then there comes the comparing the reality to what things could be like anyone feel the same? [SEP]

I live with my parents and my brother, I also have a few “friends” and still, I feel completely alone. It’s been years since I have felt something for someone. I don’t know why, I can’t feel almost anything for anyone, it feels like I’m not even human.

I haven’t feel any satisfaction for anything in years. I don’t know why I don’t want to do anything. I mean everything that use to make me feel happy it’s know nothing. Empty.

I’ve been completely empty for 3 or 4 years, nothing really makes me feel anything, but at the same time I can feel like shit because of that. I cant feel nothing but anxiety. All the time I feel like I'm just wasting my life, and that makes me feel like a total and worthless failure.

For years I have not been able to feel any value in anything including myself. Nothing seems to be worth it, and continuing to carry myself every day is a greater weight.

I achieve nothing with my life, and despite how I said not to be literally alone, I feel completely alone. As much as I want, I am not able to feel any real connection with anyone like I used to when life felt normal.

When this started, I was smoking weed casually. I am currently not able to stay sober for more than a few days. This crap has only taken my interest in everything else. Smoking and changing screens in my house is the only thing I do. Going out became something that I can bear, I just want to get home as soon as possible. Going out has become exposing the empty shit that I am to the rest of the world. It's something that I can't stand anymore. I can no longer bear to continue living so empty.

I know I have a problem with drugs and my addiction to any electronic device, but I can't stop. Living stoned in any way and at all times has become the only way to carry on, to keep going nowhere. [SEP]

Google isnt trustable, depression is a joke in my country and my parents will make fun of me if i ask them, so can anyone please tell me how to know if i have depression? please. [SEP]

I feel lonely. I feel like nobody cares about me even a little. i am depressed and stressed out. I don't have anyone to talk to. [SEP]

As well hopefully this is my graduation year I’ve just been getting reminded on how behind I am with my education and how my school life was just terrible. It’s sucks that I’m in school still having 10-12 grade classes cause of me being behind in school. Cause of my struggle of coping with my health, me dreaming too far of my goals, my trauma, me wanting to just get out of school so much.

Like I can’t take this anymore. I hate high school. I want to do what I want I always express what I want to do. But, I always get shot down and reminded how behind I am. And how I’m going to fast. Like I know that and it’s making me upset. But, I don’t want to do that anymore. But, I know I have to get my diploma. So I can do what I can do. But, school at this point is just one trigger for me. It’s like I’m close to finishing but I’m now.

Sometimes I wish and wonder how would my life had been if I didn’t miss so much school due to my chronic illness, my trauma due to me being sexually abused, emotionally and mentally abused in some schools as well as in personal life. I used to be so smart and a good scholar. But, now I feel numb and stupid. I daydream too much as it’s like the only thing keeping me sane as well as thinking of creative stories of characters I draw and wishing I was in there position, just to be snapped back in to reality an see how behind I’m doing.

My friend which I care so much as she trying to help me. Sorta realized how behind I am on doing basic math and said how I needed to know this if I want to do more things in like college. It was a bit embarrassing cause she was right, I am lacking. Well already cause math isn’t my favorite subject but also cause I had a lot of issues with my math teachers a lot of them were snarky so I was really behind.

But, hopefully that made sense it’s just a rumble. [SEP]

The title says it all. My best friend of 2 years and me had a falling out yesterday which I'd rather not explain and now she has decided she hates me, never wants to see me again, is trying to turn people against me and has been sending me harassment.

It took place in Facebook messages. In our argument, both of us said things we wish we could take back (or at least I do) and misunderstandings were had. I'm not going to pretend I did no wrong, I got upset and angry and we yelled at each other. It was our only major argument in the entire time of knowing each other. We've had minor bickers, but this is the first true argument to my knowledge. Partially because I normally roll over and accept blame of things but lately I have been dealing with a lot and I guess it all got too much and I fought back.

After the fight yesterday I angrily said we both need to go away and calm down and talk when we are calm. Today I got an angry message off her blaming all of it on me and while I tried to type back my response saying there was blame on both sides and we need to talk it out, she blocked me.

I went to a mutual acquaintance to try and get my side across, they seemed understanding and wanted to mediate, which then resulted in my angry friend phoning me to have a go at me some more. I rose to it and fought back, to which she has decided that enough is enough and we are no longer friends.

I'm here feeling horrible about losing my only friend. Angry but mostly just depressed and not sure how to go on. The real thing that made me post here is that this whole situation has caused me to relapse and self harm for the first time in almost 3 years. Which is just adding a whole new level of self loathing.

Honestly, I've been feeling very low for some time and this whole situation just has me wondering why I should even bother any more. I know suicide won't fix anything, but atvthe same time it will make all the suffering end. The only friend I've had has now left me and I just can't face another day of my miserable existence without some sign of things getting better. My life is horrible, I could list so many reasons to do it which would sound less pathetic than "She doesn't want to be my friend any more." I'm in a dead end job I hate, my mom is terminally dying and when she goes I won't be able to afford my home, numerous mental health issues. But I think this is just the cherry on top that is making me seek help because without it, I don't think I'll carry on. [SEP]

Hi, so apologies in advance if this ends up being long

36m, suffer from kidney failure (on dialysis) but still working full time in an insurance company office handling claims. Have 2 kids.

More and more I feel like I can't cope. At home, I'm in a bed in my own because of the dialysis. I haven't made love to my partner in almost 3 years now. I try to show her affection and do nice things, but I think she is stressed out from looking after the kids all day, so, when I do have time off work, she goes out with her friends.

I don't get to go out, even food shopping, because she does it while I'm at work, so I spend 99% of the time in the house. I don't have any friends close by, and the people who are close by (colleagues etc) think I'm lays upbeat and super chill about things, even if I say I'm not doing so great.

I've lost interest in pretty much everything. I don't really eat (maybe some Cereal at breakfast and some bread in the evening) don't watch TV, and just feel tired and fed up. There are things I want to do, but I physically don't have energy for them.

I feel like I'm not important to anybody any more. Nobody sends a message just to see how I'm doing; heck, even my own sister and brother in law have excluded me from things recently, but involved my partner and two children.

I want to just disappear. Not kill myself, just, never have existed, so it wouldn't be a loss for anyone [SEP]

I'm currently a college student and let me say, this shit sucks. I hate every single minute of it. I always hated school with a fiery passion for many reasons. The people who said college is the best are fucking liars. College has made me absolutely despise my major. I'm not even sure if I can change it because my parents thought it would be cool to have more children than they could afford while also making college an absolute requirement. I also don't want to be in school longer than I have to. It's hell.

Whenever there's any kind of homework assignment, I will absolutely procrastinate and do it all a day before or the day of. I understand that I'd be less stressed if I did it earlier. But the problem is that I don't fucking want to do any homework in the first place and I've stopped caring. I don't even want to go to class! I don't want to write a stupid fucking essay about grand narratives. I don't want to solve overly complicated statistics problems that some shitty prof can barely teach. I don't fucking want to. I'd rather slam my tongue in a car door than do any of that shit. I don't want to. I don't want to. I don't want to. I DON'T WANT TO.

So when I do my homework, I will start sobbing. Then I have to compose myself to work on some of it. I have to take so many breaks to cry. And if I do eventually stop crying, I have the worst headache. You can imagine the quality of my work as a result. I'm so tired. I hate my life. I'd do anything, absolutely anything to cease existing. [SEP]

I have a psychiatrist who prescribes my antidepressants and I have a phone call with every month or so. I'm considering just telling the truth and saying I often feel suicidal.

What could happen? I feel as if it might be best for the situation just to be taken out of my hands and for some kind of service to be called on me because I can't make any productive steps myself and I really just want to end it.

EDIT: I'm in the UK if that makes some kind of legal difference [SEP]

This girl just 1 grade lower than me, I really want to talk to her more, and hopefully get together. The only problem is that COVID-19 rules don’t allow kids to talk to other grades, so I can only talk to her before or after school, or with some luck I can meet her in the bathroom cue line.

In the mornings I enter at 7:50 and she enters at 7:56, but OBVIOUSLY she isn’t there before 7:50, so in the morning is impossible. In the afternoon there are her parents so it’s awkward, its just so hard.
I had a few opportunities, one in the bathroom cue and that’s were we talked a little, but another one in the afternoon, she was waiting for her parents probably, I was about to talk to her more but she just turned around, and zoomed to where her mothers car was waiting.

im really sad and I need help to get this girl, pls help [SEP]

I wasn’t quite sure what to title this so I apologize. I’ve been diagnosed with MDD for about a few years now and I’ve recently got off my medication (I’m mentioning this to see if it matters or impacts the advice in any way). Anyways, I’ll have days where I feel so insanely happy (laugh at everything, dance around the kitchen type of happy) and then I’ll have a conversation with a particular person, a short interaction, and I’ll just ...drop immediately to locking myself in my room and just crying the rest of the day. Does anyone else deal with this too, what do you do to help it?
I was hesitant to mention this but I figured it might help; a lot of the interactions that hurt me are with my family so I can’t really avoid them. I’ll go out and someone will immediately start blaming me for something completely out of my control or that I didn’t do and refuse to believe otherwise. [SEP]

I am getting better with meds and I feel like I can do many things now unlike my life before meds. But I'm never really sure. I want to pursue a career I really like. I want to be a teacher, but I know depression can hit me anytime which can definitely affect my decision on taking any responsibility.

It feels like saying yes to opportunities is exciting, only to disappoint people on the last minute
[SEP]

(Sorry for my bad english )Im a 16 year old teenager , currently im having 6 months free from college so im mostly home.Im having bipolar depression , taking meds too .Most of the people ignore me ,I don't enjoy things anymore the way I used to .I dont have any idea neither on what should I do in these 6 spare months that I have for my happiness and self development [SEP]
My wife & I have been married for 36 plus years. Over the last dozen years or so, our love life has become nearly non existent. We still flirt, cop feels on each other but, the act never happens. She claims she has vaginal issues and, I'm inclined to believe her. But, there is still the opportunity to fool around. Or so, I believed. Someone on another social media site, suggested she was cheating on me with another or, that she was into women now. Nothing could be further from the truth. We are together all the time and, the excuses are always there. She's tired, achy, incontinent, spotting, and insists that she still finds me attractive but, still nothing. I masturbate whenever the opportunity presents but, it's not the same. I want to make love and be made love to. I want to feel her breath on my flesh, her tongue on my body and in my mouth. I also got a suggestion from a total stranger that, I branch out and, find a fuck buddy. I can't do that. I love my wife and would never hurt her that way so, internet porn it is. I am loyal to my beautiful bride & I pine for the moment when she will want to once again. Being blindly loyal really hurts. Literally and/or physically. Thanks for reading my rant. Love to you all. [SEP]

Honestly every time life starts to feel good either some crazy outside force comes and wrecks it or I ruin it. I ruined the best thing that’s happened to me in a while and honestly I’m just so disappointed in myself.

Why do I always have to self destruct when I have a good thing going. If I could shut my brain off it would be so much easier.

I hope I take this nap and never wake up. [SEP]

Yeah. I just realized this when I was asked what I’m going to do since I’m graduating. I don’t have a group of friends to go to the bar with. I don’t have a group of friends period.

Meanwhile every other person I see does. They have a circle of supporters. I just have acquaintances. I’m Lowkey happy about this pandemic because at least I won’t look like a complete loser at the graduation ceremony. [SEP]
No matter if I'm taking a walk on the street or just talking to someone, all I can think about is suffering and death. Im so drained, I have no vision in my life. I want to be free. [SEP]
Hi I really want to know how many people feel hopeless with their depression? I have a girlfriend who is clinically depressed and bi polar. Everyday is walking on eggshells because of how sensitive she is. Even with me trying my hardest to give her that zen life and self love and self improvement but her depression get in the way of all the progress we make. I’m beginning to understand that there is no curing this and the most I can do is be there for her when she gets bad. Does anyone have a story of their depression getting better or how to manage it better in order to live life because there is so much to live for we can’t let the bad thoughts take over us. [SEP]
ssion getting better or how to manage it better in order to live life because there is so much to live for we can’t let the bad thoughts take over us. [SEP]
Hi, sorry in advance if my English isn't perfect.

For context, I am a 26F, unemployed. I dropped out of my master's degree in Literature because I couldn't stand the snobs anymore, and I dropped out of my video game school last year because of a variety of reasons. Since then I've been unemployed.

I'm an artist type; I've always created things. I started drawing, then digital art, writing, music, and now I'm making video games. I absolutely love creating, and if I could, that's all I would do, aside from recording and editing playthroughs for Youtube (which I also like doing).

But it doesn't pay the bills. I live at my dad's right now so I don't pay much except for my own food. But I feel like such a loser. I have insane anxiety about finding a job so I never apply for anything, and I don't have any skills. The only types of jobs I could get are probably in retail but I hate customer service (I'm severely introverted + socially anxious). I've been in a rut for almost a year now. I want to move out and become independent, but the thought of having to go through interviews and getting a job I hate just paralyzes me.

I feel like I'm running out of options. I'm gonna end up in one of those jobs that make me miserable and I'm never gonna be fully happy. I dream of moving to Canada (I am European) and live a simple life in a small house, but I feel like I'm never gonna get there.

I don't really have any questions or anything, I just needed to vent because I can't find the courage to go to therapy. Thanks for reading. [SEP]

I’ve been on celexa for about 5 months. For the second month I started feeling the affects and felt a little lighter like I had that “push/motivation” everyone seemed to have when they go do things.

Fast forward to the end last month and this month I’ve been having a lot of days we’re I’m back on a downslope. At first it was a few times and I didn’t put much mind cause it isn’t a magic pill that’ll stop me from having bad days but it started to be constant and the way I felt before taking the medication is coming back.

{To put it into imagery, before meds I use to have these constant...moments or maybe episodes where I would feel like someone was constricting me...I felt agitated, nervous and I would feel like screaming or crying or doing something harmful to wake myself out of that state. To make the feeling ease I’d curl up in a ball and hug myself to try to relieve the pressure. }

I guess my point is am I over analyzing the situation, should I just tough through it or should I talk to the doctor to up my dose? I’m just a bit scared I’m overreacting...this is my first time on meds which I take for depression and some anxiety the doctor said I was exhibiting.

Has anyone gone through this with medication? [SEP]

Um so i’ve finally sought help today for my mental health and broke down infront of the doctor as i recounted my triggers (work related issues- complex cases and unsupportive toxic colleagues/culture). The irony is that i’m in the social service industry🤣 Anyway doc started me on Fluvoxamine, wondered if any of u guys took it before and does it help?

I’ve resigned for 1 month and i’m horrified after going through 1 interview (company said staff lunches are entitled to only 30mins, wow social service is not getting a grip, this is post covid man?) And i’m very fearful of applying to any social services for jobs as i dont think im ready to take on the fuckery of this world.

Wonder how long will Fluvoxamine kick in and When will i feel better to even look for jobs. How long did u guys take to even function at a basic level? Fucking existence...didnt ask to be born. [SEP]
and i'm on hold. 15 minutes and counting.

months on a waitlist for a therapist.

no one really cares, in the end, do they.

if i died my two whole friends would miss me for a while, but in every other way i'd be replaced.

if that wasn't the case, resources would actually be available when people needed them.

but instead the phone just keeps ringing. [SEP]
I know this is a Wednesday, I know I'm supposed to be working and doing my assignments, but I've just been staying in bed for the past 1.5hrs. I can't seem to get myself to do anything, but at the same time I can't sleep bc I know my work is waiting for me. This is very tiring. I just want to take a day off everything to be sad, to feel bad about myself, to hate everything I do and did and just mourn because I'm me. I suck. [SEP]
I just need advice right now. I'm 13f struggling with severe depression. I've had it since I was 8 and it's definitely gotten worse over the years. School makes everything so hard, I had honestly thought my anxiety has gotten better over the quarantine but no, I was wrong. In person school started again and it's horrible. Whenever anyone raises their voice at me, I get this strong urge to start crying and it doesn't help that half of my teachers have very loud voices. I also get anxious over everything. It gets so bad that i start shaking to the point where my teeth chatter. The first day back I couldn't stop shaking and I felt like I was gonna start crying for no good reason. Not everyone came back to in-person school, all of my friends didn't at least so I'm by myself, anxious and scared. I feel like running away just because of school. I'm so behind in everything I feel like such a failure. There's no way im gonna catch up im going to have to repeat a few of my classes all because of this pandemic. I have really lost all motivation, I've completely started cutting with a knife last year but ever since it got taken away by my parents I've switched to broken glass. I've been to a mental hospital twice during the past 4 months and I literally would rather go back than go to in person school. I feel safer there than I do at school. The only reason I agreed to go back is because im failing so badly maybe I could have a second chance, I'm usually an A student but now everything seems so difficult. I hate myself, I should be happy with my life. I have everything I could ever ask for and I'm contemplating if I should runaway or not. I don't know how it's going to go but I'm going to have to give up a lot of things. Theres a train not too far from my house and I plan to follow the tracks until a train comes along or I get caught. But there'll also be a lot more problems along with everything, where will I sleep? Is there a high chance a pedo could be interested in me? Will people question me? Who do I trust? I don't know what to do. It's pretty much all because of school and yet I don't do anything to make it feel better. It's all my fault and there's nothing I'm going to do about it other than run. I'm sorry if it was unclear I hope you understand what I'm trying to say.

But over all, is school a good reason to runaway? (I know it sounds stupid) [SEP]
I think this is probably the wildest and more life changing dream I've ever had. I dreamt about a bed with tube-like structures that surrounded the head side and killed you with ionizing radiation. (Don't ask me why). The point is, it took me hours in the dream to prepare the machine, but I finally managed to turn it on and had the balls to go and do it. When I finally lay down and it starts to make me tremble and slowly go blind, this weird thing happens: I get really, and I mean, really fucking scared. I felt fear like I never had in my 25 years of life, so much that it takes control of me and I get away from it and finally wake up.

It was a life changing dream, because that extreme fear of dying that I thought I didn't have made me realize that I actually don't want to die, I just want the pain of life to end.

I still don't know to this day how to fully process what happened.

I hope it gets better. [SEP]
When I was younger I was happy and I loved living life to the fullest. I’m 15 now and I haven’t been happy in almost 2 years. I haven’t told anyone at all, I put on a fake smile, and every time my siblings annoy me I get in trouble for it. I JUST DON’T UNDERSTAND WHY IT HAD TO BE ME THAT ALWAYS HAS TO BE SAD!!!! I PUT ON A FAKE SMILE EVERYDAY FOR THE PAST 2 YEARS JUST TO MAKE OTHERS FEEL HAPPY BUT MY OWN HAPPINESS FELL!!! I don’t want to die, I just simply want to be happy again. I picked up a new hobby, rc airplanes, and it is the only thing other than flying airplanes with my dad that makes me genuinely happy. But when everything is done I’m back to feeling empty. I feel as if I am in a dark void and when those glimpses of happiness from my hobby and flying planes happen, I see light. But I haven’t been able to fly in about 4 months and non of my friends have talked to me for awhile. My siblings hate me and they let me know every day how much they hate me and my parents called me a disappointment for not having a job yet or a car. I just want to know if there is a way out of this. [SEP]
As someone who has been horribly isolated for years behind a computer screen, the idea of being put into ONLINE group therapy absolutely enrages me. I am desperate for connection with people and cannot stand the idea of being stuck for 3 hours behind a computer screen with complete random strangers.

What are your experiences with zoom group therapy?

Please tell me it's worth it and to give it a try, because I'm ready to quit before I even start. [SEP]
Think I'm gonna kill myself soon, no idea when, but I know it's soon. I just don't care anymore, I won't cry my heart out anymore, and I won't give you guys a sob story. In fact, I don't know why I'm typing this, or why I'm here. Can you guys tell me why we're here?? I don't see a point, just for a few minutes of happiness and then? what?? Even more depression. I don't really think I'm depressed, just had enough. This mundane existence is not for me. I hate everyone I encounter because I see that they're happier than me, I won't sugarcoat it. I'm an asshole who doesn't deserve love, Just know that I am undeserving of this pitiful existence, I've hurt people. I just want somebody to talk to, I'm not even alone, but just somebody to really mf talk to. Is that too much to ask?? I have so much people around me, but I know they'd send me to hell for $20, just so they could get another fix. I'm about to be homeless soon, I think. I've been homeless before and let me tell you it's not fun. Well, that's it, sorry for wasting your time, goodbye. [SEP]
I can't be helped. I hate explaining my problems to a new therapist, to a new stranger. I said I was in a bad mood, and I was. A state of hopelessness and despair that resists "help."

If my depression never goes away, which it won't, then that means I won't be able to enjoy the things in life that require not being depressed. People often say that you should cure your depression before he engage in a relationship, for instance. Well fuck me because I'll always be depressed, so I guess i'm going to die alone.

Honestly, people try to offer their "help," but what is "help"? What about us who can't be helped? What about us so deep in torment that we become numb to the emotions of others, staring at the abyss for comfort and reassurance. At this point I'm not making sense, but it truly seems that some therapists don't understand the depths that some of us sink to and think they're really and truly qualified to dance with our demons. [SEP]
I stopped taking medicine about three years ago because it was making me think about ending it all a lot more and I was getting scared. My last suicide attempt was in September of 2019. I’m dropping out of college again because I’m too stressed, and at the same time I’m stressed because I feel like I no longer have any plans for life. It’s not that I just feel like I don’t have a purpose, it’s just everything that I thought was my purpose has made me nothing but worse mentally.

Every day is a struggle and I’m not too sure what to do anymore. I’m so numb that I can feel it. I don’t wish to commit suicide, but I do wish something happened that would make that decision for me.

I’ve made a lot of dumb decisions because of the way I’ve felt, chasing things to feel something and in the long run all of that shit just made the situation worse.

I’ve never felt like any of my therapists really cared about me and I get too anxious to open up completely to them because if they weren’t getting paid they wouldn’t be there for me.

I don’t know what to do.

Thanks for reading this. I hope you all do well and prevail and overcome. [SEP]
So I want to sneak out tonight but I don't have any friends willing to go (part of a goody 2 shoes friend group smh). I have wanted to sneak out for a while but right now i'm at a very bad point in my depression and I just need a break from society honestly. I think sneaking out would be a calming way to do that. I live in a very safe area btw. I plan to sneak out to a golf course that's a 20 minute walk from my house then just lay on the grass and watch the stars, all alone. Is this a lame thing to do? [SEP]
I've been extremely depressed lately to the point of barely getting out of bed. Today I did a thing! I cleaned my room. I found a YouTube video for people with depression where she cleaned and chatted in real time, it was almost an hour long, and I got it done. I'm proud of myself. I know most people post asking for help, for a chat or someone to listen, but please don't forget to celebrate your successes. [SEP]
Welp. Here we are again. due to my depression I missed a major project that means I will fail a class, which means I will fail the semester because I need to pass all my courses (I'm on a reduced course load). My depression has been getting steadily worse this semester. now I have another essay due tomorrow I haven't started even researching yet because I'm so depressed I cant focus enough to study. It feels like my brain is functioning at half capacity.Theoretically, I care about this project and want to at least hand something in, but now I am so depressed I can't bring myself to work on it or feel any emotions about not handing it in. I have pretty much given up on the rest of the semester (it ends in 2 weeks). I'm sure once I come out of it and feel things again I will be even more depressed. After failing this semester I will be on academic restriction and can't return to the program for at least 2 semesters. Just wanted to vent. [SEP]
idek why I did it, i just blew up and laid it all out on the table, they had been asking over and over why i was doing the things I was doing and they just can't seem to grasp the concept of mental health. I told them I have scars and fresh one all over my body and I don't see myself being here at age 20

(I'm 18) Dad just kept telling me to take my vitamins and that this is because I don't take them.

yeah it's totally not because you and mums emotional neglect and emotional abuse.

Even though they are trying to make things better and at least reach out to me i'm not used to it and I push them away I'm not used to it. Their approach is so aggressive. I feel guilty. but I've never had proper emotional support from them so it feels fogein to even think of asking them

I just relapsed the other night after a really good week after getting yelled at for asking what I was making for dinner.

I just don't see the point anymore whenever I try to get better I get out down and then I just don't see the point anymore.

I've truly hit rock bottom ( you can look at my posts in my acc to see the gradual decline)

. Idk what to do now, I'm at my uni and ik when I get home either everything will change or nothing at all.

I can tell this is going to back fire on me. But I literally don't have the energy to care anymore [SEP]
I’m not gonna say exactly what happened, but I made a mistake and in my head I’m trying to make excuses for myself when I know I did something wrong. I really hate it. I’ve been hating myself for so long because I feel like I’m not doing anything right. Im feeling down and I have no one to turn to because all of my “friends” just give me half assed replies like: oh that sucks. really wish that I had an option to be born or to not be born because I didn’t ask to be put on this stupid ass planet [SEP]
Sometimes I feel kinda like a imposter with my depression diagnoses. Yes, I feel fucking sad sometimes as I consistently wish I just didn’t exist. But I can still have fun when I do things that actually interest me, like watching something funny or playing a game. Am I even depressed? The fact that I can actually feel happy sometimes is honestly throwing me off, and making me question my diagnosis. [SEP]
So currently i'm suffering a really bad academic burnout. My grades dropped from all A's to C/F's. I was just accepted into an honer's club thing at my school for the smartest students but I fear I may get kicked out. If I get kicked out my parents will be extremely disappointed in me, even more than they are now. I have at least 20 missing assignments and I can't finish them. I've tried so hard to complete all my work. I put my phone and any distractions away, I got in a calm environment, and I make sure i'm not hungry. But the second I begin to do work I last for about 10 minutes before starting to sob because of how stressed out I am. I literally just tried to complete a missing test I told my teacher I would have complete by tonight but it is 40 questions with a 35 minute time limit and 5 questions in I had a couple break down and just quit the entire assignment. I physically cannot go more than 10 minutes without crying because of how stressed I am. The school year is almost over and I am failing almost all my classes, I need to get my grades up and I need to get them up fast. What do I do? [SEP]
I want to kill myself I’m so over everything i sabotage my whole life and feel like everyone would be better off without me, I mentally just can’t stay in the this loop anymore I hate living with Roomates because I know I’m just a burden on everyone and I know they see there’s something wrong with me and I just hate hiding in my room being depressed I hate being depressed infront of my boyfriend and creating so many issues I’m so tired of being mentally ill im so tired of everyone in my life being so happy and normal and I feel like I’m the only one with issues and everyone around me just thinks there’s something wrong with me [SEP]
I have suffered from depression and anxiety (possible ADHD/ ADD, possibly on the spectrum, currently trying to get a diagnosis) most of my life, I am 20 now and I live alone in a different country that my family. Bad days get really bad where I don’t shower, don’t eat, don’t brush my teeth and don’t leave my bed for days. But the better days are well, better but somehow when it comes to showering, I find it really really really hard to get myself to shower. I love to shower and when I do I take a really long time and I hate feeling disgusting but somehow I cannot for the life of me just get up and go to the shower easily and I was wondering if there was some explanation behind it. Thank you for reading :) [SEP]
Hi. I guess I just wanted to share my feelings here for a bit. Any message is appreciated. I realized I lost my spark for life. I heavily miss those feelings of joy and most importantly, love. When I say love, most people think of having a boyfriend or girlfriend, or some romantic partner. And while those feelings are great, that's not what I just mean. I mean, love. Period. The kind you get from true friends, true family, whether chosen or not. The most important kind of love. The building blocks of life. I miss not having to worry about tomorrow. Knowing that, despite the trouble you're facing, everything is going to be okay. I miss feeling in touch with my inner self, which I haven't seen in a long time. I have friends, and people I talk to, but none of them really know the real me. Not because I hide it, but because they don't mind it. No one really connects with me on that deeper level, and I miss all those things. How beautiful and simple life used to be. I know one day I'll find it again, but the process is hard. It's quite difficult reconnecting with something you've grown so detached from for the past 5 years. I've suffered a difficult life. My parents were abusive, I've never been shown unconditional love, and that's caused me to fall into all of these terrible relationships where I was just used in highschool. It's no wonder I've grown so far from the real things now. But I want to find it again. How it's like to really be cared for by someone. Us humans are only so strong. Wanting someone to lean on doesn't make you a weakling, it just means you're a normal person on this planet, looking for something valuable. At the end of the day, that's what's most important in the end. Not the cars we have, or the houses we own, but the people we are with. I miss that so much. I've built up so many walls due to my abuse and trauma, I feel so burdened from the past. One day my scars will heal, I know. But the process is still scary. I just wanted to share that for anyone dealing with the same thing, or for anyone willing to listen. Thank you. Thank you for hearing my story. We may not be so different after all [SEP]
Today I contemplated walking into the lake. I watched the water ripple and go back to a serene state. It has not been easy and I’m really trying here. I feel stuck, depressed, having suicidal thoughts and I just want that peaceful feeling. I’m not here seeking sympathy, not even a pep talk that everything will be ok. I just don’t want to feel alone. I drove back home to the chaos of home life where the kids wanted dinner and the significant other is there clueless and selfish. I just want to break down without anyone treating me like something is wrong with me. I don’t wanna feel alone in this. I chose to drive away without even stepping out of my vehicle. It was a choice. [SEP]
For the last five months or so, I have been on a journey of recovery from a major episode in December 2020. Started a job and lasted there for a day, left after an emotional breakdown and suicidal ideation. I have felt depressed since COVID-19 started. My grandmother died in August 2020, and my dog in January 2021. Since then I have been seeing a therapist every other week. He has really helped me a lot and has helped me to feel better and to have some coping skills. However, ever since a week and a half ago I have felt as if I have been on a slow downturn that is speeding up.

My parents since December 2020 have generally kept their distance in terms of the job issue. However, with the pandemic ending and having just gotten the first dose of the vaccine last week, they have said that they want me to start looking for work once I am finished with the second vaccine and a two-week period after for it to take effect. This means realistically I will be fully into a job search by May 17. In my head this was doable. My personality is to do things one at a time, to periodize activities in my head. Once I have a start date in my head I can prepare for it emotionally.

However, things are moving incredibly fast, and since then I have felt overwhelmed and my suicidal ideation has returned. I am seeing my therapist on Thursday morning so hopefully, he should help, but I am worried about my mental health and safety right now, as my thoughts are increasingly becoming darker. Basically, the stressful events started the day after my first shot. I was driving to my grandfather's house and I got pulled over by the police. My inspection was a few months out of date. I spent the entire week until we got it finally inspected paranoid about being pulled over again. Around the same time, I spoke with a close friend from college, and they told me off-handedly that a lot of my friend group did not see me as a part of the group but as an outsider. This made me look back at all of my interactions with people I thought were my friends. On top of that my best friend, really my only in-person friend is probably moving away over the summer. Finally, on Sunday I had a talk with my father and he suggested I start looking for work immediately and not wait a few weeks.

The thing is, I want a job. I want to work. But the process of looking and applying and interviews and rejections get to me really bad. And I am afraid of a repeat of what happened in December 2020. Finding a job and then having a breakdown and quitting. During this conversation, my father said that laziness is a part of my personality. Deep down I think he is right, but it really hurt. I just feel overwhelmed right now to the point of inaction. My Mom told me as a kid I was diagnosed with PDD-NOS, which means that new situations are often difficult to cope with. I just feel a dark tidal wave overcoming me. I have become good at hiding it from people, but I am worried about bringing it up because my parents might think I am trying to get out of an obligation. [SEP]
I lost everything this weekend chasing stupid goals and lost all my money that I was working up through stocks. I've been unemployed since the pandemic besides doing Uber from time to time and I was doing pretty well for myself. I just don't know what happened... I'm an idiot and I really hate myself right now. I don't know how I'll recover from this being broke, in debt all because of my stupidity.. how could lose all my money in 3 days. Playing with forces I didn't know about I just got destroyed I really don't know how I will recover. Everything always feels dark, I'm in pain mentally and physically and I just can't beat it. It hurts so much there's this lake far down from where I live that I keep looking at I just feel like there's no hope. I've been searching for a software engineering position for a while now but I rarely get responses and its just hard to keep trying and the one thing I had going for me, I messed up bad. I'm sorry for the long post I've just been crying so much and thinking what I will do. Uber would still be great but my car is going bad and I've put it through enough I can't even be upset. I've applied to jobs like walmart and racetrac recently but no responses yet and it just feels like it won't work out. Sorry again I just feel so awful right now and I want it to end so badly. [SEP]
Do you ever kick or punch something really hard and like that it hurts? I just kept kicking and kicking my duffle bag full of stuff and my shin was in a lot of pain, but it felt great. While I noticed the pain, I kept going because it felt good to hurt. I dunno, maybe it's better than not feeling anything. I got some bruises now. but now I wanna punch something, probably the wall until I bleed from my knuckles. [SEP]
My life is by no means awful, i have the conditions to live semi comfortably. However I am terribly lonely and have no prospects goal wise or career wise. I understand my problems may not be as important as others but does anyone have any advice? [SEP]
Last weeks I've been so bad, in consequence, I've been inactive in all my social media, I haven't been going to class and neither speaking with anyone. None has noticed None has speaked to me neither or even asked me when I camed back yesterday, I know that it sounds kinda selfish, but it really makes me sad to see that none even noticed my non-attendance. I'm irrelevant, If I disappear none will notice, I'll be quickly forgotten Idk why I keep trying, it will be more easy just to give up and stop suffering. I don't understand why I don't leave everything, I don't have any reasons to still here after all. In the end I suppose that I'm not brave enough, or I keep waiting for someone to help me, but that is not going to happen (sorry for my English) [SEP]
His name was Hobbes. He was the best cat I ever had and he was my best friend. No matter how bad things got, he was there, and ready to cuddle and give me kisses. It was so special. There’s a hole in my life now that I don’t think can ever be filled again.

I know some people have told me “oh it’s just an animal, why are you so attached?”

Hobbes would give me unconditional love when I needed it. He would sleep with me and hang out with me every single day. He was silly and we had so many good memories together.

I wish I could coddle him in my arms again. I wish I could have taken his place. He didn’t deserve any of this.

If you have any cats, please make sure to give them all a hug today. Smother em all you need. You might not know when they’ll be gone next. Not just cats, either. Anyone in your life who is special to you. Take today and enjoy that, just for a moment. Stay safe you guys. [SEP]
at this point, im pretty sure i post on this board like every other day but, i can’t help it. i seriously can’t take life anymore, my hypochondria is driving me fucking crazy, i just want to fucking kill myself, why is this so difficult? i wish i could just shut my brain off, i’m so tired of thinking. i don’t really know what i’m going to do, i can’t keep living like this. i can’t believe i have to live like this for more years on end, i seriously can’t do this anymore, and i’m turning 15 soon, and you guys will probably say “oh but ur so young, u have so much ahead of you” NO, i don’t. i’m tired of hearing cliche advice, i’m tired of feeling so suicidal that i could feel it in my whole body, im tired of everything, and if ur wondering why I haven’t killed myself yet, it’s because every other method out there will possibly fail and i don’t want to end up brain dead, way worse than being alive [SEP]
I love my dog.

He sleeps with me almost every night.

He lies on my legs. It reassures me somewhat.

He knows when I'm having a real bad time. He'll come to me and be more gentle than normal, he'll lie down in a different way than normal. He'll be with me until I feel better.

He seems genuinely happy to be with me.

He's 10 now. I know I probably don't have a ton of time left with him.

I don't think I'll last long without him. [SEP]
Hi, I m 14 years old my dad hates me my mom left us when I was 3 and took my sis at the age of 1 back then.My dad married a horrible person who hates me and actually came up with the idea to send me to a boarding school(not sure what its called) and my dad even agreed and told me if I get 1 more bad report about my behavior he’s gonna send me there. But because life at home being bad is not enough my best friend stabbed me in my back and told everyone about my mental illnesses and parental problems and my crush dumped me for the one guy that I hate the most a ugly childish bastard. And right now im sitting here alone at 1:39 am and thinking about suicide because im failing at school don’t have any friends behind me and don’t even feel like getting out of bad since 2nd class.

So this is a little shortened version of my problems and I m sorry if I come along like a 14 year old with fake depression but I promise you I m not i am diagnosed with depression and had a suicide attempt already. [SEP]
Over the past few months, I have been noticing more and more suicidal thoughts come into my head, where now I find myself actually thinking through plans on how to do so. There have been a combination of factors that I feel have caused this; mainly not finding a direction or path I want to take once I complete my Associates (I want to get Bachelors, but I don't like my major), I feel like I am unworthy of my friends' love while also feeling needy and alone, I feel like a burden on them as well, I also compare myself to others as well as harshly criticize myself, and so I put myself down based on others having found what they love and being able to go to school for it where I have not. I also struggle academically, and that is another source for comparison, because I see myself failing classes and not pushing until the end, even though I have been a lot better this semester and have been able to push and get more done than usual. But I KNOW my friends love and care about me, as they have told me in the last five days, and they aren't leaving. I KNOW that finding my own path takes time, and that I should never compare to others because they have radically different experiences and interests and capabilities. I KNOW my way of thinking is illogical and determined by depression and anxiety... But I cannot get past these emotions and negative thoughts. I am considering checking myself into a hospital, but I do not know. [SEP]
I know that I need therapy because I'm in a pretty low place lately. However, I'm not having much luck finding help and I'm feeling very discouraged. I also don't have any good experiences with therapy. My last therapist was awful. She didn't let me finish speaking and never gave me any strategies. One day I completely forgot I had an appointment and she never contacted me about it. This normally wouldn't bother me, but a friend mentioned that her therapist calls her immediately to check on her if she doesn't show up, so I started to think she just didn't care.

Fast forward to now. I am trying to find a new therapist, but I have talked to secretaries at 2 different places, and they each told me that they would pass on my info to the therapist who would call to set up an appointment. No one has called me. I know I can call back, but it leaves a bad impression and makes me uninterested in that therapist. I don't want to give up looking, but I think I am. [SEP]
I have a good relationship with my friends and family I enjoy the time that I spend with them and I'm grateful for them. But when I'm by myself there's nothing. Everything seems to bring pain and disappointment even the things that are supposed to bring me happiness is only temporary and marred with disappointment. Every day this life becomes less and less worth living. [SEP]
It may not seem like a lot. But i don’t like my life.

I’ve had one other family other than my blood here in canada and through my actions and who i’ve become, i’ve drove them away.

I’ve lost and failed to remain friends with the people i’ve loved the most in this life because of who i am and my inability to be care like a normal person.

My father doesn’t look at me the way other fathers look at their kids, i know deep down what he thinks of me isn’t what anyone would believe. I’ve costed him thousands of dollars in damage and continue to be the reason for his restless nights, i know if i wasn’t around his life would be easier.

My sister thinks i’m a disgusting human being and nothing i can do in the future will ever make her forget or change her opinion on the man that i have become. i lost the only girl i’ve ever loved and am a big reason why my unborn child was never born.

I hate my job, i dread every morning waking up going to work and not even excel at what i spend hours a day doing i have nothing. i am nothing. I’m alone, and believe that it will only get worse with time. This isn’t the life i dreamed of when i was younger. this isn’t living. i can keep going on and on. but no one would understand the severity or the pain that this brings. I’ve turned into nothing but a monster.

And it was all my fault. and these things, you can’t fix. now i’m left with days of doing nothing but sleeping. waiting for more bad news. no matter how hard i try to achieve my goals, i become drained, overwhelmed. due to the unhealed trauma and mistakes that i know i have made that still linger around me like ghosts everyday. I used to be a happy man. I am not sure where it all went wrong. I miss what it feels like to be happy or be alive. or to have meaning.

I’m running out of strength. [SEP]
I'm dealing with a terrible depression last months, when I'm having a really difficult moment my mom always says to me "do you need a glass with milk?" And continues offering it 3 or 4 times more after I said no, then she leaves. I don't understand why she doesn't try to speak with me about what worries me or something if she wants to help, she just offers milk to me :/ It sounds kinda funny, but is not when I'm in the middle of a mental breakdown, is like she were just not taking me seriously :/ I guess that it have not that much importance, but it really makes me feel confused [SEP]
DAE have this/or does anybody know why this is a thing? I constantly switch back and forth between just wanting to keep fucking up my life or making it worse and destroying it and wanting to make it better, eat better, take care of myself, work on my health mentally and physically.. it happens a lot where I just go back and forth it's like day and night or it lasts for a few hours or so, maybe a few days if I'm lucky, and then it just goes right back to where I feel like I don't care at all if anything gets worse and like everything sucks again

Anyone know what I'm talking about? [SEP]
If not, why not?

I'm starting to seriously consider the possibility that I might have to apply for disability for my depression. Physically, with discipline and effort, I am able to work full-time. But I know I am at times a difficult coworker. Moody and afraid and I know this makes me come across negatively so then I try to hide and this makes me come across as antisocial. All in all, I have a very hard time presenting as normal and it's getting worse.

I don't post on this sub often and maybe this topic has been discussed ad nauseum but if not and if anyone wants to chime in, I'd like to hear. How you support yourselves and cope with the world of work with this depressed mind state which is not easy to treat. [SEP]
I know that my case is no different to everyone else who reminisce about their past, but I can't stop involving everything with it. I keep getting nostalgic over things I didn't even grow up with, I keep getting jealous over older people and how much more they have experienced, even if it was shit. I'm only 16 and shouldn't be feeling like this. The only valid reason as to why I prefer to be older is because this generation is an absolute embarrassment, and I'm sure you can agree on that. Any tips on how to look forward to the future? I don't feel like anyone at the moment. Nobody finds me interesting because all I like is old stuff; genuinely unhealthy. [SEP]
I feel like a burden to everyone I know, like all I cause is trouble and annoyance. I wish I could lock myself away from the world but if I do I will waste time. Time that’s supposed to be spent doing work and being productive. Time never stops it moves around you, even if you stop. You can’t escape it, you can’t pause. I wish everything would just stop. I’m trailing off. The idea to distance myself from them in order to not cause them harm is tempting. So is sh to be honest. I haven’t for a while, not because I care about myself enough to quit. I haven’t really had any urges. I was in a good mental place for a bit, as you can probably tell looking at the pause in my posting history. Right now, though, I feel like I deserve harm. [SEP]
I don't have any examples of things in a friendship that were a good sign. Everything I can think of, I've seen both in people that split up with me out of nowhere and people who so far, haven't done so... yet.....

Same thing with job security. All positive signs I've ever noticed have been worse than useless, because they usually cause me to make plans that involve still having a job when they come around, that I then have to back out of or cancel when I lose the job out of nowhere. For example, being able to solve problems that nobody else could, being by far the least argumentative of anybody in the whole company when talking to the boss, not snapping back in situations I would have in the past..... all of which only made it more devastating to inexplicably be let go, and no one would keep in touch so I had no references that could vouch for the fact that I didn't argue.

I unfortunately don't even have one "outlier" in terms of an example of why my negative thought isn't true. I feel like putting it behind me might come back to bite me "when" (if) it happens again. Like I'll regret viewing the friendship as a close one when I lose them out of nowhere, or I'll regret feeling any degree of job security when I lose the job. [SEP]
All my life(i stll think i have more) i just was in 24/7 alert and wasted energy by studying and the worst part is that i stll have a lot more to do. I just want a week of sleeping and resting . I play game at night and theyre my only escape from reality. When i was a child, my father told me that if i dont study, i wont do anything with my life. I go to sleep at 2-3 am every day and wake up at 10-11 , having 8-9 hours of sleep. The fact that i write this at night because i study 7-8 hours a day.I end this text now because i have no other words to say [SEP]
I’m 21 suffering from depression and social anxiety (which is the BIGGEST source of my depression) since I was 15. I tried all the usual SSRIs/SNRIs as well as Moclobemide (MAOI) and Amitriptyline (tricyclic). Also I already did 2 depth-psychological therapies and am in a behavioral therapy right now. Every med and talk therapy without any significant effects, success or improvement of my symptoms.

A month ago my doc mentioned Vortioxetine (Parnate). This was the first time I ever heard of it. I also found Phenelzine (Nardil) on my online research but unfortunately this isn’t available in my country.

Anyone here having experiences with Tranylcypromine? Was it helpful for social anxiety?

What would you describe the effects you‘ve got from it? Are they significant/strong and more than subtle? What changes did you notice regarding mood, energy/motivation, cognition and especially (!) social anxiety, sociability and talkativeness?

What’s your dose? For how long are you taking it? After how long did the effects significantly start working?

If you also had experiences with SSRI/SNRI what differences did you notice with Vortioxetine compared to the usual SSRI antidepressants?

Let me know about your experiences! [SEP]
I try to hold back but I always end up making people feel bad, which makes me feel bad. It's not like I can force myself to look at life differently. I can't control the urge to spit my bile about life to somebody, hoping they either sympathise with me, or offer some miraculous life-affirming information that actually makes me reconsider my worldview. I'm just like a dog that needs to bark. I can't keep it to myself. [SEP]
I suffered from CIP. I was on Risperidone for a duration of 8 months. Now I m going through from a phase of extreme depression. I am trying different antidepressants with my psychiatrist but have not find the one yet. Can someone tell me how long the duration I should expect for this sever depression? [SEP]
I’m tired of everyone saying it’ll get easier when it doesn’t. Life is too unstable to fucking get easier unless you’re trust money or a fucking trophy wife. I keep thinking the more I work the more money I make the more I buy I’ll feel better. I never do. And I keep doing it and never feel better. I don’t care to be happy. But I don’t want to fucking c*t every day or at least want to. I’d actually rather want to than do it. I’m just so tired. [SEP]
I just realized I'm sick of everyone I've ever met in my life. Unfortunately, never had a good time with people, starting with my own toxic parents, moving on to school where I was bullied, college with no real, meaningful connections, partners that have hurt me one way or the other. At this point, I just want to withdraw into the woods and never make another human connection again.

Does anyone else feel this way? [SEP]
I just had this random memory enter my head and felt like sharing. A couple years ago I went on the Disney Cruise with my family. There was one day I woke up at 5 AM to go see the sunrise. Unfortunately it was pitch black outside and I couldn't see anything. I can't tell if the boat was going at full speed or if it was just windy, but I couldn't hear anything and I had to hold on to the rails because the wind was pushing me so hard. I walked to the front of the boat and I couldn't even see the water below me. I wasn't really planning to jump. But I just had this intrusive thought that I could have jumped and nobody would have ever known. I mean if I went missing someone would know, but there was no one around and everything was pitch black. [SEP]
i’ve been having a really hard time recently and this morning I had work at five I was so tired I just fell asleep after my class and only just woke up. Me and my friend had plans for 420 and she never told me she had work tomorrow so I figured that we could still hang out late but she just told me that it’s too late now to hang out even though it’s not even 7 o’clock yet and my other friend told me that he wants to FaceTime all day long and I just asked to FaceTime and he said his friends are coming over and he’ll let me know so now I’m left with no one and I never really get to hang out with anybody so i’m really upset I literally haven’t hung out with anybody in like weeks and it’s just getting hard being alone all the time. I hate being alone because when I’m alone I think and now I’m just upset with myself that I fell asleep and now I can’t hang out with anybody when I was really looking forward to it [SEP]
I have very high anxiety that is active almost 24/7. It makes it hard for me to interact with people. I’ve always had anxiety but never this bad. Lately I’ve just been spiraling. I never know what to talk about with people so there’s always awkward silences. I’m very insecure and it shows big time but I can’t fake confidence even if I tried.

I’m told I’m a good looking guy and while that might feel good, it means absolutely nothing because my social skills are so shit. Every day is just constant anxiety and self hate. I can’t take it and I have no one to talk to in my college town because I don’t trust any of my friends and no one cares anyway. I’ve never felt more alone. I’m tired of being laughed at and the butt of the joke. I really wonder if I will ever be truly happy. [SEP]
Living sucks already, but now I'm in debt and a negative amount in my account. I took out $50 before a bill auto charged cause I knew I'd be broke and now it's supposed to last me till next week. And rent still isn't fully paid...

I had a good office gig for fifteen years. Then they got rid of everyone and I had to get min wage job because I couldn't find work in my field (that I didn't go to school for, I just learned there and had to somehow convey that I know what I'm doing). I wasn't rich, but like I went from never really worrying about bills and getting a new game every now and then to deciding on wether of not I should pay my electric bill this month just so I can have food in my fridge. I split rent with my brother, I have child support even though I'm essentially the primary caregiver.

I have full custody of her from Sunday to Tuesday afternoon, then I pick her up everyday from school and drop her off/she gets picked up from her mom at 8PM. I feed her everyday. If we do the math here, I get her MORE woken hours at a time than her mom does. So what I pay child support for, I dunno, but I don't want to fight it because I love my daughter and enjoy our time together and she is the MAIN reason why I haven't killed myself yet... But now summer is approaching. We have to figure out summer care. It's money I don't have.

I broke down in the bathroom after my daughter went to her mom and now I'm actually about to go into my room to scrounge up change to take the bus to work tomorrow. I don't know how much longer I can do this. [SEP]
I wasn’t depressed for a bit over a month. I hadn’t felt that good for years until now. I’ve felt extremely low for the past 3 days and can’t even understand where that feeling is coming from and what triggered it.... I feel like everything I did to feel better was for nothing as I’m now back at the state where I was a bit over a month ago.

I don’t know what to do to escape that feeling again [SEP]
Why do i feel so lonlely when i think about how time flies etc. Like everytime i think about it just makes me wanna cry. 1990 was 31 years ago. 31 YEARS! Everytime that i think about what i'm gonna do in the future the only thing that comes in my mind is how alone i will be. People say that you are gonna meet the right person someday but i just don't think thats the case. I don't believe that things like that just happen. If i meet the right person and i wouldn't go for it because i think i'm to ugly or not good enough does that mean i will never meet the right person ever again. Will time just fly by like its nothing. If thats the case than why even go for it. Sometimes you've already met that person in your life but because you didn't go for it you will die alone and sad. Whats even the point of life then. Why must everything be about love?!

Sorry for the bad English [SEP]
Hey guys, long story short I’m a sad lonely fuck with a lot of money. They say money leads to a lonely life Im 18, got really into crypto now I’m rich. Still feel empty as fuck. Strangest thing is. I felt happier before. Its like I’m more mature. Im 18, still in high school and i feel disassociates with the rest of my school and friends. Most my friends talk about partying and drinking all the time and act like they are still 15, don’t get me wrong i used to behave like that but its like the money changed me. Feeling very empty and depressed i think. Not sure whats wrong. I don’t really enjoy the company of my old friends anymore, so I’m a sad lonely fuck, at least i still have my Best friend and girlfriend. Im 18 and i don’t know if i want to live the next 60 years rich and alone Feels at times as if the money made my friends envy me as well [SEP]
Normally my anxiety would prevent me from posting these kind of posts/questions, but I really feel like I should somehow ask advice from random strangers on the internet about this.

I fell into a depression late 2019 and have been feeling like I've pretty much "recovered" for the past few months (partly thanks to being on antidepressants). But none of the problems that caused the depression have actually changed and I'm still waiting for my therapy to start. My anxieties and avoidant personality disorder affect all aspects of my life (friendships, social contacts, romantic and sexual relations, work (unemployed and on sickness benefits since last year), etc.) to the point that I haven't been able to see any positive future for myself for a long time. The only thing I'm working towards right now is the full time clinical treatment I've applied for. I try not to think about all the things that make my life shitty too often, but lately I've been getting more concerned about these thoughts and a possible relapse of my depression.

I've been trying to set goals for myself to stay positive and keep myself going, like adopting new hobbies and exercising. But since I can't see any future for myself (past the therapy I'm currently waiting for) these goals seem to quickly lose meaning and my motivations tend to fade away, because 'why should I...?'.

So I guess my question is: Do you have any tips/experiences you can share on how I could set meaningful/realistic long-term goals for myself in order to actually go through with them and regain hope for my future? No pressure or anything.. lol. [SEP]
I attempted suicide a few days ago and told my family yesterday. I had to stay the night at the hospital under 24/7 care and had security guards watching me the entire time. I just got out 2 hours ago. It was like I was a caged animal. I got very lucky I didn’t have to stay longer. I overheard them saying they might transfer me to another hospital far away and hold me there and honestly that was scary enough to make me regret what I did. It’s like you’re a prisoner. Don’t do it. [SEP]
I’m using a throwaway account because I’m really ashamed of this but I wanted to hear if anyone else has gone through something similar. For context I’m 15M and I haven’t been feeling like myself for the last month or so and I don’t know what’s happening to me. The only sexual relationship I have with a girl is like an online fwb thing where we pretty much just chat about sex and what we’d do to each other etc, but we just kind of use each other to cum. Anyway, last night I was watching some porn like usual, I like watching amateur vids because the produced ones are so fake I just can’t get off to it. I saw one vid of a couple and I clicked on it because she looked really hot but something happened to me while watching and I had to stop because I felt a wave of sadness wash over me. Idk exactly why tho, she was just like my perfect type and they looked so happy together and she was super into it and I guess i just couldn’t handle the feeling that I will probably never be able to do this with somebody I really like. I can’t stop thinking about it today which sucks because I feel like such a creepy weirdo. It’s hard to explain but I just don’t feel like myself and this is something that I’d never do but I did. I’m I turning into a fucking Reddit incell or something? [SEP]
My depression is catching up to me in a sense that I used to be fine during the day and sad at night but now I’m deeply depressed all day I was doing great in school even got into premed but now I’m falling behind because I can’t find the energy to get out of bed I started taking antidepressants but feel even worse I wanted to be happy I really tried but I’m slowly starting to give up again the smile I could fake is hard I cry and think about ways to die people used to tell me to think about what everyone else would feel if I died and I used to care but I’ve come to a point where I’m ready to go I don’t really care for people around me anymore [SEP]
Diagnosed with major depressive disorder and extreme anxiety. Made note to see psychiatrist as soon as possible (in the same office).

Then the internet went out so they couldn’t schedule my psych appointment. I hope they call me tomorrow. Please don’t let this end here.

And finally, I went back to work for the last hour of the day and got micromanaged and told off for wanting to leave on time. Ended up having a panic attack and crying.

I am so tired. But at least I’m diagnosed. Step by step. [SEP]
I really tried hard to be positive but it's getting harder every day. I'm very tired of this old body and I just want to go to sleep. I'm grateful to be old cuz now I know I don't have to wait much longer for my curtain to come down. I don't care about anything anymore I just wanted all the stop. Since I am an old man I don't really have to care about anything anymore. But yet I do which causes me even more aggravation. I do care a lot about the people on this site. I try to help people when I can but I feel like I'm becoming less and less helpful. So that's my story and I'm sticking to it. Thanks for putting up with the ramblings of a crazy old man. [SEP]
For probably 15 years (when an event first triggered depression) I have felt like I am not my own individual person, like I am spectator in my own life. Like i'm watching myself instead of being myself. Judging everything I say and do as if from a 3rd person perspective. And when I'm alone I feel SO alone. So isolated and lost and confused. I have never been able to imagine being a dad or granddad, it just doesn't seem right. Have had massive problems making decisions and dealing with problems that require a lot of thought. Like I have no “me” to rely on. Is this simply depression or could it be a sign of a more serious mental illness like schizophrenia? (I do also have a voice constantly telling me I'm a worthless POS but just thought that was normal with depression too) Thanks so much for any responses [SEP]
I can’t remember a time where I’ve not been fighting being depressed.

I have so much trouble expressing myself, I feel like I can’t get out what I want people to know. My head hurts all the time and my anxiety has very close to paralysed me.

I lost my job in October last year and I haven’t been able to get back into the industry I used to work in.

I’m just tired all the time now and I sleep so much. No one knows, and no one suspects because there isn’t anyone. I forgot to eat all the time, I forgot to drink as much as I should.

For all these things I hate myself. I just wish my brain worked and I had some drive, that’s all I want. [SEP]
I live in a house with siblings and single parent. Last few years I have been studying higher education and use that as an excuse to be somewhat absent in terms of responsibility for the younger sibling. Other sibling is older than me and they're somewhat feeling the same from what I can see. But obviously, they deal with it better than me. I just want to curl up in a ball and melt away? I hate having responsibility. I hate being reminded that life is basically effort. I hate that life doesnt revolve around me and me only (which is selfish) but thats the only way I would be able to stay in my moods for days on end and do whatever I want to feel better. I know I get low mood but recently thought I was autistic which would explains social anxiety all my life and wanting to be alone too much and refraining from being an adult unless im doing it to appear as normal as possible. bringing this up to my parent however was just met with confusion and laughter, because even if I were, until this year of covid I've done a great job of hiding it (if i even have autism).

Tldr: Just feeling like im making a big deal out of nothing right now and have realised I don't like doing the simplest of things these past few months. Its not so much depression as much as I think of it as being overly logical about what the meaning of living really is. I try to bring it up to my parent or siblings and no one takes me seriously, as if its a phase or as if they're going through worse which invalidates my feelings. Can anyone relate or do I simply need to get a grip lol? [SEP]
So, to some, this might seem like a bad path to go down, but it does help me. Analyzing the repercussions reminds me what pain I would cause if I did anything. So I assure you, it's helpful.

The scenario is if I ended my life, what would be the course of events that would happen at work? I'm an aide at an elementary school. The principal knows about my struggles with PTSD. I know that my mom would be devastated, so that prevents me from doing anything, but I'm also curious about what work would do? Would they tell the kids I died or just tell them I won't be returning? Would they tell everyone (staff, students) ASAP or would they wait until the end of the day and call a mandatory all staff meeting to tell people face to face (I guess it depends on when they themselves find out)? Would they call a day or more off school? I haven't worked there very long, so it's not like everyone knows me so that might influence if they call a day off.

I know this sounds like I'm entertaining unhealthy thoughts, but playing out what I would cause, does prevent me from doing it. [SEP]
I just can't take it anymore my life has completely gone to the gutter, I mentally cant process it anymore.

My dog passed away last December, the only source of real happiness at home. I'm not doing good in university, I haven't passed any exams this year which is completely destroying my confidence. I was a fairly good student the past few years and always passed in time. My parents at home are verbally punishing me as they're angry with my results and I have no source of happiness at home. I can't tell them I'm depressed they wouldn't care and would 'tough love' me.

My love life is a wreck as I can't bring myself to tell the woman I love that I love her for the fear of being shunned and vulnerable even though I know she doesn't feel the same it the nagging in my head won't stop.

I'm going through a quarter life crisis, I'm studying to work in a corporate job as a lawyers assistant instead of pursuing my dreams of being a guitarist and moving to North America far away.

Nothing I do is good enough anymore, I'm not good at anything and I'll never be at the level of my successful brother.

I feel so fucking stupid I'm incredibly embarrassed. My parents treat me basically as a special eds kid just because I'm not like my brother. They think I'm fucking retarded and destined to fail and refute it when I point it out even when my brother agrees with me who is also the only person who believes in me.

I just want to sleep and not wake up, I just can't take the soul crushing realisation of it all every morning. I just want it to end. Why won't life cut me a SMALL break, I'm trying so hard yet nothing works like it did before.

Sorry for this rant but I have nobody to turn to at all. I'm just lying on the floor looking at the wall and just can't bring myself to move anymore [SEP]
The realization that 10 years from now it wont be different if I dont ever start making a difference hits like a train. And just like when confronting a train wreck, I feel paralyzed and incapable to act. My thoughts kill my action and drown me. This is so surreal and painful. I dont feel anything, I try to cry to feel something and let it out but all I get is a cynical hysterical laughter. I cant digest how people are happy and live. I truly cant grasp this. How does it work, like, just getting up and doing stuff and being determined and feeling energised and wanting to interact with people and feeling happy without any fear? I'm so fucked up I dont remember how it was like to be normal and therefore I feel dissociated from the past [SEP]
I’m 17M everything I do feels utterly meaningless. Even the things that give me the most insignificant meagre amount of enjoyment like playing games and watching anime etc, just feel like a waste of time in my dead life.

My school life is even more pitiful as I’m predicted to fail in all my subjects, because I have no motivation to do anything because my life is just a cycle of hating my existence because I won’t live to my parents expectations. With this, my mom got a call for my school and she spoke to me nearly in tears because of my embarrassing performance. And I know they’ll speak to her again tomorrow and I’ll have to repeat the previous situation again. And I’ll come up with some bullshit reason for why I repeatedly ditch school and struggle go at all. I know I’m a disappointment to my family so why do it go on.

I can’t even tell anyone a word of this because I don’t want the hassle of therapy etc or anyone to be concerned for me, not because of care for them but because I don’t want them to think of my meagre life as their own problem.

I fancy the idea of killing myself but I have younger siblings who are the only significant thing in my disappointment of a life and I want them to live without as much self loathing as I have for myself. So I’m forced to live out this suffering until I get a good chance. Why do I have to suffer like this [SEP]
I’ve been battling depression for a while now and I’ve been getting better and I’ve been getting off my meds. I recently got a new job and quickly became overworked and school stress started to pile up and this past week I really felt like I was starting to slip back into my old habits of sleeping and ignoring everything until it was too late. What really hit was today when I discovered one of my close friends blocked me on all social media and removed me from every group chat.

She said I was a horrible friend to her and she always supported me and I never reciprocated anything she did for me. I thought we were so close and I had no idea she felt this way about me. I noticed she had been distancing herself from me for the past few weeks but I also know she’s in the middle of moving to another state and also balancing an internship so I assumed she was just busy but I never expected this. She didn’t even tell me herself, I only found out when she left from a group and I got the notification and only got the explanation when my boyfriend asked texted her.

I feel like I have nothing left. I first pushed away everyone from high school away and now my college friends don’t want anything to do with me. I only have my boyfriend but we are long distance and he has his own life and I’m afraid he will leave me too. All I have are school and work and I feel like I just don’t have anything left in my life.

Edit: I feel like I should clarify that I do not intend on self harming or ending my life. I just feel like there’s nothing left in my life and I’ve been drop kicked back to when I first got diagnosed which was the lowest point in my life. [SEP]
Mentally I’m done, I don’t want to exist, what’s stopping me from ending my life is my mother, but she’s not great either, I just feel that other people are being so selfish by not letting me die. I’m in so much pain on a daily basis. I have been sad since I was born and I’m just not a happy person in general,I’ve tried to be , tried meditating, talked to therapist , self help everything but at the end of the day I lose energy and I can’t fight anymore, just what’s there to live for? What gives you life? How do you do it? I’m not gonna make it to next year, I’m not gonna make it to 21, I’ve literally been fighting since I was ten and I’m just so done. Let me go please, I’m not made for this life I’m weak okay! [SEP]
I am currently 15 and I am depressed. I couldn't concentrate on my classes since years before corona, and i have a control freak mother who thinks Jesus can solve everyone's problems but refuses to acknowledge that she personally has some, and she prays to him to fix me but it doesn't help. I watch an unhealthy amount of porn, feel empty inside and feel a masochistic compulsion to keep it that way. Every day, i feel the layers of my soul peel away like an onion and i hit a new low. i have never been in a relationship, but not for lack of trying. I question my sexuality, because ive stopped giving a fuck about being acceptable to society .Ive been mercilessly bullied by entire classes since starting school. Ive been hit in the head with a piece of wood, had my lunch thrown in the drain, and once my class held me down, tied my shoelaces together and pushed me off the teachers desk. Once i stood up to one of them , but one punch was all it took to put me on the ground. I have severe exzema, a skin condition that makes me tear my skin with my nails until it bleeds . I find myself staring at the wall for hours, in a trancelike state as a way of escape from the prison of life, dead to the world around me. I torture small animals sometimes, but it doesn't make me feel a thing. I have a hyperactive imagination, and it doesn't help at all because i have psychotic episodes when i feel urged to do sadistic things to myself and say things i wouldn't have otherwise said. Its like another personality entirely takes over my body. I couldn't even interract with my neighbors or their kids , because my parents own the land on which they live and are trying to evict them, so they hate us. One of my neighbors has this huge black dog with red eyes that i call Satan, because i know he wants to kill me, and every day I stare him down, daring him to do it. My parents house is old and rundown, my backyard looks like a jungle, and no matter how much land we have, we can never seem to afford anything. I've never felt so alone because the only friend i have doesn't get me, and i push him away. I knew isolation before the governments forced it upon the world. I have many times contemplated suicide, but the terror of uncertainty as to what comes after keeps me on the verge. I have many times contemplated killing all my classmates and then myself, but i don't have access to anything better than knives. Life is supposed to have highs and lows, but I've spent most of mine so far at the bottom. Im stuck between feeling like i deserve it, and feeling like life just up and decided to fuck me in the ass. I used to know who i was, but i feel like I've died once already. Wouldn't take too much to make me die twice. [SEP]
It all started 2 years ago when my beloved message board, jdunderground, was destroyed by a scorned Woman. I fled to xoxohth.com which on its surface was quite similar - a bunch of depressed lawyers discussing basically everything under the sun except for law, bragging or complaining about their phenoypes/sexual conquests, discussing liberal arts, and so forth. I became a top-tier poster, reaching the Elite Eight of megaposter madness. Then, one day out of nowhere this year - in the middle of a pandemic - I was banned by a rogue moderator. I pled to the Admin and Moderators privately via e-mail to no avail. The reasons given for my ban were absurd.

One, I'm 5`10```. Okay, nothing I can do about that

Two, I post too much about Gamecube. Uh, hello, it's one of the greatest consoles of all time.

Three, I begged for crypto that no one ever sent me. wtf, most of the board begs for crypto, and half of them get some. I got nothing!

Four, I am Jewish. Sorry, I'm not going to convert just to retain posting privileges

Five, I self-outed, but they think that I'm lying about my identity (too handsome? haha)

I promulgated the ideas and theorems of Clique Theory [SEP]
i thought i would like myself more after getting to a normal weight, and i did for some time. i lost around 20kg from my peak, but now i look at myself and i still feel disgusted. losing weight just pivoted my focus to everything but the number on the scale. i don’t like my face. i don’t like my body. i don’t like the fact that i’ve never dated and it’s probably because i keep pushing everyone away. intimacy and showing weakness feels disgusting. i hate how hard it is for me to open up to someone. i hate how i don’t live up to my own standards, and how i refuse to lower them.

there are so many reasons for me to be happy and proud of myself but every accomplishment i’ve made sounds empty now. i got an amazing internship at a great company because i worked really hard for it. my gpa is the highest it’s ever been. my parents aren’t constantly screaming at each other anymore bc i made communication work. my weight is normal. i get to see my friends if i want to. i set up so many support systems around me and they are stable yet i choose to come here.

and before you suggest plastic surgery, i thought about that too. i will probably be able to have the money and the time if i try to make it happen, it’s just the risk and pain and judgment from people since my current self is all over social media.

i’m lost. i don’t know what will make me happy. and i hate that i don’t know that too. [SEP]
i am not sad (sometimes maybe) im just ... empty. like i dont feel anything love,hate, happy , excited. i got this new job offer that will pay double of what im making now and i dont even care. i just dont have the motivation to do anything except for drugs. they are the only things i get excited or happy for. i feel like im just passing time. constantly, just passing time. working remote atm and what i do is sleep, wake up, wait in the bed for the shift to start and work again. my work performance has dropped as well. i dont know what is wrong with me. idk if its normal or if i should see someone. i dont even know if i have the motivation to fix this. its just total emptyness. im just numb. worth mentioning im not alone. i have two friends living me with me. idk whats wrong with me. [SEP]
But I do have these plans in my head sometimes on how I would do it. I also do some research. I also collect the materials.

I don’t know why I do all of that when I know I would never have the guts to actually do it.

But what concerns me more than anything is how much I see myself as garbage. When I analyze these methods in my head I can picture a psychopath that wants to get rid of a body. I want to throw away myself like a trash bag. I don’t want to live like this. I need a push maybe. [SEP]
I hate my job and company.

I'm self-employed.

It's mind-numbing, and spiritually draining. I need to do something else with my life. I'm good at cheering other people on, particularly kids. I'm the one who taught my nephew how to swim and ride a bike because I was patient with him and understand what he was afraid of. I wrote a book for middle grade kids that is really quite lovely but I can't get people to buy it or read it or represent me.

I'm depressed. I've got some sort of PTSD. I need help but don't have the money to step away and properly take care of myself. Fuck this piece of shit, war loving, slave labor, over-worked culture we live in. [SEP]
I'm a PhD student. Over 3 years I did a nice research and I have several very good scientific publications. Most of that time I struggled with mild to moderate depression and anxiety but I managed it somehow.

Last year however depression and anxiety started to become more and more severe to the point that for weeks I wasn't able to get out of the bed and do simple tasks.

I was supposed to finish my PhD already couple of months ago but my struggles with depression prevented me in doing so. The only task left to be done is to write my thesis but I feel so down all the time and I have no motivation. Even when I force myself to go to write I'm not productive at all, I cannot focus nor concentrate on work. And this situation is also worsening my depression. It's a vicious cycle: I stopped working on my thesis because of my depression and I'm getting more depressed because I can't finish it.

I have been like this for months. Since a month ago I'm not getting payed anymore. I'm living on my savings now. Luckily, I have a great supervisor who's understanding, supportive and patient with my situation. He has really been great with me, but I'm afraid he's slowly losing patience and that he's going to turn his back on me.

I don't know how to break this vicious depression cycle that is stopping me from going forward. How to gain motivation again?

Every evening before falling asleep I tell myself that tomorrow is a new day and that tomorrow I will start moving forward with my thesis, with my life...but each day there is the same story... I feel so sad, so down, so overwhelmed that I can't do anything productive...

Has anyone been in similar situation? Can you give me any advice? [SEP]
I would like to start off by saying ive never been on meds and am not currently on meds for any mental problems



I use to cry and have panic attacks almost every day and now no matter what I just cant. I just feel completely numb no matter what I do I just feel numb. I just cant feel anything anymore even if I hurt myself nothing I feel the pain but no tears no reaction just numb. Just "Wow why did I do this that was dumb" no tears nothing just numb why why why why why why. I feel like theres a barrier in my own head keeping me out. I know I should be sad but im not. I think about my trauma and know I should be sad but im not its just no reaction. I try to think about my trauma sometimes but it just fades back behind this barrier as soon as I try to. Its like my head is blocking me from thinking about it. I dont know what the actual fuck is going on. I would usually be having a shit ton of anxiety about something like this or posting something like this but I barely have any wtf wtf wtf wtf



edit: my memory also fucking sucks now and I feel like im either zoning out less or more I cant remember wtf. I can also like feel the effects of a panic attack sometimes like heavy breathing and shaking but nothing else I feel like in that moment I should be having a panic attack but I just dont its so weird. I can like be anxious but dont know why my head wont let me know why but it knows why but I dont know why [SEP]
How do I(19M) start this. I'm not suicidal, I just wish I never existed. I find it hard to formulate emotions and thoughts into writing but here it goes.

I hate being alive. I hate feeling. There's no point to anything we do as we live just to die. We fight for nothing in the end. A happy full life is just to watch our loved ones die at old age And those without loved ones are left to be lonely and sad for years until their own death. I won't be remembered, I am nothing special, I'm not smart, I'm not confident, I'm not motivated. I lost love, I can't even do anything simple correctly. Yeh, I'm young, I can always love again, there's years ahead of me. But why would I want to as it all ends with grief and heartbreak anyway. I just wish I wasn't born so I didn't have to deal with the pointless necessity's that life is. We work just to live and we live just to die We make memories that are just for us, but those will be forgotten days after death. I truly wish I was never born so I didnt have to think this way, so I wasnt such an inconvenience to everyone around me.

Personally I believe death is a fear everyone has and that you are most likely lying if you aren't afraid of it. We just prolong it as much as we can. I have contemplated suicide many times but will never do it. I did and still believe however that death must be relief or at least better than the world we live in. The world where we kill each other, destroy the land we live on, cull every species, shepherd each generation to be another cog, funneling pointless wealth to someone else just for them to die and the cycle to continue. There is no point to anything in life, when death waits for everyone. Your personal accomplishments mean nothing as many have done greater before you, alongside you and will continue to do so after you are long gone. But we do these accomplishments just as something to do before we die. So we aren't forgotten. But when we are dead, why do we care who knows our name. We'll be dead. We will not know. Life is a just a meaningless path to death filled with procrastination and lies we tell ourselves to trick is into thinking it was worth it.

I don't know how else to think at the moment. Despite what Im saying I'm quite open-minded and would like to change the way I think. I just don't know how, when all I see and feel is negativity and pointlessness. [SEP]
My dad showed up for the first time in eleven years. When he rang the doorbell I had no clue who it was, nor did mama, but he told mama he was him and I was shocked. I didn't even want to see him for a brief moment because my emotions were about to overflow, but I play one last match of SSF2 and gain my composure. I went out and the conversation was awkward, but very early on he admitted that his other son has pass and I kinda knew why he was here. I'm just a replacement to other son, since I'm the last one and he even said that as well. He lied very early on by saying that mama has moved me somewhere else. I knew this was a lie because if you move you have to tell the other parent about the whereabouts of new location. We talked some more about his many excuses on why he wasn't here and whatnot and he invited me to lunch. I accept because I wanted him to talk more, so I got on better clothes and small talked to mom. Well we set off and he baby me basically. (His other son got into a lot of trouble and that lead to his demise.) Whenever he started to baby me, I didn't listen much because I know right from wrong, so I just headnod and said "yeah." He mentioned how much he wanted me to join the military and how much it will make him proud. I try to tell him how I have a different future and how the military isn't for me. Of course he didn't listen to this part at all and he kept going on about it. By the time that we was done with this conversation, we arrived to his apartment. His apartment is downtown near the NRG stadium. We stayed for a little bit and of course he gave me money, actually remembering how much I like to count, so I gladly accepted. We set off and went to Wendy's and had lunch and then we set off to finally to meet some of my family from his side of course and the people I meet were amazing. Down to Earth and hardworking people. They are wealthy, but they never let that got to their heads and they were extremely nice. I obviously don't have any ill will aganist them and they wanted to meet me for years. I was nervous and they could tell, so they made me more relax and I appreciate that. We stayed for an hour or two and did some miscenallous things. Cerdric (my dad name btw) admit how I was the last guy, since the rest of my guy relatives are in prison. This made me feel even worst because I feel so much like a replacement. We left and we headed back home after. He gave me some other things an ancient DVD player which I will be keeping because I'm fasnicated in old technology, some cheap Easter candy, which I didn't eat because I'm not trying to be compulsive on eating, also it was slightly old and made have been stolen, so that's no, and finally a Fitbit watch and a tablet. (I'm borrowing the tablet, but if I take care of it, he will buy me one). While I appreciate what he got me, it doesn't clear up the eleven years of pain and misery I have endure. The many depressing memories I have and how I had to face many of them alone. He came after all of the struggle was over and I came into terms that he will never be in my life again. It did scarred me, but it wasn't going to define my life, but him coming back has reopen those wounds. Tbh I feel like a mistake more than ever. I know I'm the last of the bloodline and the emotions are too overwhelming. I don't know what to say to him, but he said he is coming by tomorrow to do some more things with me, so I'll be suprised if he comes 2 days in a row rather than one day and leave for eleven years. I'm so broken. [SEP]
I can’t tell if this is laziness or depression, but I’m struggling to do school work, my grades don’t really show that (mainly because I cheat), but today is a literall struggle to do something. I have to read 9 pages and answer some questions for a book I’m reading, ofc the subject I struggle the most at, my lal teacher shows the most effort to make sure her students aren’t looking up the answers. She’s making us answer more about questions about the book with the class. I literally can’t read for than 5 pages without stopping, thats being generous, I get distracted easily. Plus I forget everything so that doesn’t help. I told my teacher about my struggle to read months ago, she said to just try take breaks in between reading, that doesn’t help [SEP]
When I first met her she seemed energetic, positive, fun to talk with, interesting and in my eyes nearly perfect. We met on tinder, after 4-5 weeks started dating. Although when we started dating she told me shes been suffering depression for years and goes to therapy and uses medication for it. I was fine with it and told her that I will do my best to support her, understand her etc.

Our first 1-4 months together were pretty good. We saw each other 2-4 times a week, always had common intrests/things to do together and even spent time with both of our families and friends. Both of us were happy with our relationship.

Around 4-7months after we started dating her condition started to go to slowly more worse and worse. She started to take time of work because her depression got worse. She couldn't see me soo often because she didn't feel like it although she always had time to see her friends nearly daily. I even started to ask week before wich day we could see and she would say which day is ok, but then few days before she tells me shes seeing her friends even tho she promised to see me.

When it was christmas and both of our birthdays I bought her presents, but she didnt buy me anything saying that shes not doing well on money and will buy my present when she has more money even tho she seemed to have money to constantly buy new clothes or other stuff and pretty much not saving money at all. She apologised to me often for being a bad girlfriend and for putting up with her. I said I understand she has depression and I will do my best to be on her side.

Besides that the days we did saw she was the same person and also apologised that she has not had time to see me because increased therapy and being more depressed etc. Although she also started to get more easily mad at me for no reason and basically I am not allowed to make fun of her even if it was a clear joke because "she used to be bullied most of her life".

Around after 7 months she had to take a 6 month leave from work because of depression and goes nearly daily to therapy or something similar (dunno the english term for it) , uses medication and things started to get more worse.

I see her currently barely 1 time a week (I would not otherwise mind as everyone has their own lives and I also don't have time to see her daily cause work, friends etc, but as I've said and its I who has to ask her out and most times she would refuse.) When we do see she does seem the same although she seems to be less intrested of seing me (and I know its not about because we have been dating for soo long it is diffrent .) Since then she barely texts me or has no interest how Im doing. When I ask her she gives short replies and sometimes does not answer at all.

I really want and wanted to make this relationship work, but for a while now the urge of breaking up with her has been getting more stronger and stronger. What is keeping me to stay together with her is the guilt because she has depression because she does not seem very stable at times and cause how it used to be when we started dating. We have discussed about this few times and when we do only then she will act all caring, interested etc, but after that day we had the discussion it goes to the same.

Ive had history with people playing tricks on me, using advantage of me etc. which is why Im pretty paranoid (not soo paranoid as I used to, but its still there) soo Im clueless what should I do and if Im being paranoid, douche or right. Ive got opinions from my friends, but they are very mixed soo I want to hear more opinions.

If someone actually red thru this long message and have given a thought thank you! [SEP]
