My wife and I have been married for 12 years. A few days ago she was walking down our stairs, tripped over our cat, and fell. Very thankfully the extent of her injury was a molar that was split in half when she hit the floor.

I told her she should visit a dentist immediately, but she didn't want to because they might pull it. I was confused, but she says she thinks it is ugly looking and makes people look like rednecks. This kind of hurt, since I'm missing two teeth due to playing hockey. She literally told me to open my mouth to look in and said "I don't want to look like that". Gee, thanks.

Anyway, since then she has been obsessed with the damn tooth. I told her she needs to go to the dentist. She doesn't have a fear of dentists, but she has a weird fear of losing this tooth. I told her we could get her a crown or a fake one if it came to it, but she refuses because there would still be a period where she wouldn't have a tooth.

This is a little surreal as she has never acted this way before nor has she been this overly concerned with her looks before. And before anyone asks, yes we are both sure she did not hit her head in the fall.

TL;DR

Wife broke tooth, complains a lot, wont go to dentist [SEP]

Alright Reddit, I need your advice.

I and this girl have been friends for almost 3 years, most of which we used to be school partners for most of the schoolwork. Recently I have decided to shot my shoot since we were both single and showed some signs that she liked me and I did too. It started as hanging out at school, then brunch twice, and then we went out on three dates for dinner:

Date #1à We were supposed to eat somewhere but happened to be fully reserved. So we ended up eating somewhere else and said that this doesn’t count and organized the second date to eat at the first restaurant

Date #2à We ended up going to that restaurant. Right before dropping her off, she mentioned that she would want to get high with me and grab something to eat the next time we hang out.

Date #3à She was not hungry that day, but we ended going to grab a snack and just sat down at the park. Later we decided to play Football in an empty parking lot (it happened that I started getting to it and she wanted to play with me. Keep in mind that was at 9 pm which felt like something out of a movie lol). She didn’t want to go home after that, so we decided to get high and just chilled together in the parking lot for a bit and we went for a walk where I had my arm around her the entire time. Finally, I go to drop her off and that’s when I leaned in for the kiss but she didn’t move, explained that she isn’t comfortable since she is high (which she looked like it lol) and said that she doesn’t want to be taken advantage of since someone did that to her in the past. I respected her decision but the idea that she thinks that I will take adv of her bothered me so I asked if she doesn’t trust me and she proceeded to say No (hurts after3 years of knowing her). She explained that she likes to take things really slow, proceeded to promise to talk about it next time, a date she was excited about because it involved her fav activity.

Fast forward to 4 days later (no contact), I hit her up saying that I got the place reserved for us, where then she proceeded to say she can't come and asked to stop seeing each other as she wants to be alone. To wish I overreacted and I said that we shouldn’t be friends anymore if that’s the case.

To me, friendship is based on trust, respect, and communication especially when she broke all three without caring. I don’t feel that I should be judged based on her previous experience. However, I understand that those experiences could affect every person differently and I can't blame her for the way she reacted 100%, but I blame her for the lack of effort she is putting

PS, she is usually a shy girl in general if that helps

tl;dr Friends for three years and went out for three dates, and then decided not see each other just because she doesn't trust me [SEP]

I recently got engaged and shared pictures of my engagement on social media. I was however surprised that a former FWB I had last year proceeded to unfollow me on social media. We met online at the start of last year. I was initially serious about pursuing a serious relationship with her but she wanted to see where things go rather than date intentionally. Over time I felt disengaged and just got comfortable seeing her as a friend which she seemed okay with. We carried on being intimate for about 6 months but no clear parameters were established about pursuing a relationship. We became really close friends.

I moved cities mid pandemic last year and the friendship with my ex fwb(26F) petered out, but we remained in touch even planning on meeting at some point post lockdown. She met someone,and entered into a relationship which she made public in January this year. I found out on social media and was very happy for her as she seemed very excited. I never bothered to ask when they met.

I too, met someone back in September who I had a connection with and share similar values and aspirations. I got engaged to her(24F) this month. I shared my engagement but never felt the need to publicise the initial stages of this relationship.

What could have prompted my ex fwb(26f) who I felt we were cool and she seemed happy and publicly in a relationship with someone to unfollow me.

I still do follow her, should I unfollow her too? Even though I don't have any sour feelings but joy for her?

TL;DR! I got engaged and shared pictures of my engagement on social media. An ex FWB who I deemed a friend proceeded to unfollow me on social media even though she is in a relationship

[SEP]
On Saturday, my [F,24] boyfriends [M,23] family was having a bonfire. He and I have been together 7 months. I’ve met his family on multiple occasions and his sister [F,27] twice. The sister has recently been in some trouble with the law, she assaulted her ex’s dad. Beat him up enough to the point he pressed assault charges. She at her baseline is just sort of unpleasant. She’s been in a lot of trouble with the law, totaled cars, almost split her parents up, blackmailed people, etc.

At the bonfire, I asked her where she was working nowadays. She responded, “well nowhere right now.” I said, “Aw why not apply to the hospital I work at?” And she replied, “I have a lot going on right now.”

I said this not knowing she didn’t work at her current place/hospital of employment. I was trying to make small talk with her.

My boyfriend and the sisters cousin who I’m best friends with, told me today the sister told their side of the family she didn’t like me because I was “asking too many questions.” And took offense to me trying to make small talk with her. The family advocated for me saying that I was just trying to make small talk and I wasn’t being malicious which I’m thankful for. The rest of the family likes me which I’m also thankful for.

My anxiety is eating away at me on this and I feel as if I should apologize. But at the same time, I feel like I didn’t do anything wrong.

TL;DR: My boyfriends sister told their side of the family she doesn’t like me because me making small talk with her offended her because I was “asking too many questions.” I feel as if I should apologize. [SEP]
I'm having a hard time getting over this man and I'd really like to stop thinking about him. Although I admit he was flaky from the start I never could have imagined that he would stoop so low. He's a high earner and while I definitely didn't make anywhere near as much as he did I was very comfortable with my salary. He was on a business trip and the day I lost my job I texted him. He read my message and never replied. Thankfully, I was able to get an old job back less than a week after I lost that job. I texted him this but I'm not even sure if he read any of my messages.

I'm worried he though that I was a gold digger and had faked losing my job to get funds from him. That's such a crazy thought to have but he did say many times that he hated gold diggers. I noticed him even trying to test me to see how materialistic I was. He would ask things like if I wanted certain expensive items. Wanting expensive things makes me a gold digger?? I've never asked him to buy anything for me.

I genuinely liked him as a person and I'm annoyed that he ghosted me and wasn't even willing to hear me out. Especially since I was up on my feet so quickly after being laid off. I don't think men usually dump their partners just for losing their jobs. I think honestly some guys don't know how to handle negative circumstances and just ghost because they are too emotionally immature.

Although I do consider myself lucky that he showed me his true colors before the relationship got too serious, I still feel so angry that I didn't get to be heard. I learned a hard cold lesson and if he ever contacts me again, I won't respond. But I still cannot get over it.



TL;DR Cannot get over this guy who ghosted me after I lost my job (because he might have thought I would have asked him for money). I'm hurting because of the lack of closure. [SEP]
I'm fairly certain my friend was attempting to make a romantic gesture and due to really unfortunate timing, now probably thinks she interrupted a hookup between me and someone else.

So long story short about two years ago, I ran into a girl from my high school in my office building lobby. She was a couple classes behind mine so we we're really friends but we knew who each other were. So we said hi, exchanged words and she told me she had just moved to the city I now live in and works at a company in the same building as mine. We got lunch maybe once or twice a month until COVID hit. Every time, without fail 30 minutes after we got back she'd text me something along the lines of "I always enjoy spending time with you." Anyways we kept in touch every once in a while over text. A few months back, I had a pretty tough breakup after a 2 and a half year relationship. So she texted me shortly there after checking in and I told her about the breakup. The next Saturday, she made me get out of bed, get dressed and run errands and shit with her so that I wouldn't lay around all day feeling sorry for myself. Even bought me ice cream. Sweet girl.

Anyways, we started talking more and more often and have hung out a couple times. It just kind of naturally started to get flirtier and flirtier but I wasn't really sure if I wanted to try and jump right into anything again that fast. But she's smart, funny, pretty, sweet etc. and I've started to open up to the idea. I was planning on asking her on a date this week.

So I was out of town last week for work. She called me Tuesday and asked if I wanted to get drinks that night. She was really upset with her roommate and being stuck working from her living room with her roommate for an entire year. I told her I was out of town until Friday night but if she wanted to she could crash at my place for a couple days, work from my home office, etc. One of my buddies was watering my plants while I was away so I gave her his info and said she could get my keys from him. We didn't talk much beyond that other than her asking how to get into the pool, gym, etc. at my building.

Friday night, I get back in town any my female colleague [26] and I went from the airport to my place to compare notes and submit my report. It's strictly work related, takes about an hour and then she leaves and I go to sleep. We do this after every trip like this because the report is due on Monday morning and neither of us like having to deal with it over the weekend.

So we get back to my place around 11pm and guess what - the girl in question was asleep on my couch halfway through a very nice bottle of wine wearing my bathrobe and from what I see from a glimpse under the robe, a very cheeky thong and a matching lace bra. When she woke up after we walked in she started apologizing immediately, saying she lost track of time etc. She looked absolutely mortified. She ran into my room to change, grabbed her stuff and awkwardly rushed out before I could make introductions apologizing the whole way out. Every time I said, "Hey, so this is so and so." She'd cut me off and apologize profusely. The whole thing was bizarre at the time. I also noticed her try to discretely grab a thank you card off my counter and stuff it in her purse on the way out. My coworker was like "wtf who was that?" And I told her a friend was house sitting.

So anyways, I didn't think anything of it at the time. We finished up our work and I was walking my coworker down to meet her Uber, she looked at me and said "So, you know she was trying to surprise you and make a move when you got home right?" It immediately hit me like a freight train that that was a possibility and said "FUCK." My coworker said "You better call her right now."

I got back up to my apartment and called her. She didn't pick up. I then noticed she had cleaned every square inch of my apartment, washed and folded/ironed all my dirty laundry, and restocked my fridge while she was staying at my place. I also noticed a couple new candles in my living room. So when she didn't answer, I just sent her a text thanking her for taking care of my house plants and everything else and told her I was going to take her to dinner to thank her. She replied two days later "no problem. sure." and didn't reply when I asked which night worked for her. If I had any indication that she would still be at my place expecting to hang out when I got home, I would have absolutely made other plans.

So the way I see it there are two possibilities - either she's just a really good house guest, did lose track of time and fall asleep Friday evening before I got home and was just embarrassed about still being there when I got home OR she was planning to make a move, thought my coworker was someone I brought home to hook up with, and is mortified/embarrassed/angry etc.

What do you think Reddit? If it is explanation B, can I just call her and ask her to come over and talk or do I need to do something bigger since this is potentially the biggest fuck up of my dating life. Thanks! [SEP]
Me and boyfriend have been together for 4 years. I'm 23 and he's 25.

A few years ago, not long after me and my boyfriend got together, I ran into our mutual acquaintance. Me and her have stopped and chatted to catch up for some time. In conversation, she mentioned that my boyfriend is "punching" and lucky to have me. She was saying it in a light-hearted way being nice. When I saw him, I told him that I bumped into her and told him what she said, joking with him a bit that he's punching. He got very serious and disagreed that he's punching. And he replied with something like, yeah don't take it offensive but I just don't think I am, you're the one punching more like. We asked his mom what she thinks and she also said that he thinks I'm punching with him (implying he's out of my league).

I know the whole punching conversation with him and his mom was a bit immature and I was 19 at the time and I was more immature, but it bothered me. Because he's basically implying that he's not lucky to be with me.

Fast forward a few years, I brought it up again because of something we were talking about, and he still stands that he's not lucky to have me. He also mentioned that he was offended that the girl said that he was punching a few years ago and he doesn't like her anymore. I'm really hurt by that. I believe in a relationship, the person should feel lucky to be with his partner and vise versa.

*Punching for anyone who doesn't know, is basically saying that eh person is out of your league, or that you're punching above your weight, meaning you're lucky to be with them.

TL;Dr: Our mutual acquaintance said to me that my boyfriend is punching. I told him this and he got offended, and said that I'm the one who's punching as he's out of my league and his mom agreed. It still bothers me. [SEP]
We are in an LDR (4 months) and basically enjoy different things and our range of things we want to do inside and outside of the relationship varies.

For instance I've been busy with school, I enjoy a handful of social hobbies that range from online social to antisocial stuff I do on my own time and outdoors. I'm used to having a lot of time to myself and with uni being ended for now the prospect of time to myself is once again within reach, except I'm really concerned about how to go about my summer in a way that I can get the space I need without my bf taking it wrong.

Maybe it's that my communication has been bad because I'll admit I am starting to wonder if we are truly compatible. For instance with our huge time difference and when we can actually masturbate around the house etc both of us have I think? A bad habit of watching porn. I worry about how that effects and will effect our sex life, though I don't think it'd be a big deal if we were to live together.

Tbh he doesn't exercise or pride himself as much on his physical fitness or health and it's gotten him to a complicated spot. Plus I rarely go out now for nearly as long as I am used to since we started dating which was a mistake. I just worry we will not be compatible in that way either and I've heard people say that if they work hard/towards that kind of thing then why wouldn't they deserve someone who is roughly the same way? I want to have hope he would change over time (and I feel bad bringing this up because it would hurt him, and doesn't mean I don't find him attractive in general) but it seems silly to cling to the idea because I can't change people and shouldn't want to change a loved one either. That kind of thing is fine for friends but when you eat together and live together I worry a lot about what that would say for our at home life, intimate and active life. I have my problems too and some of that is around my stomach but in the past I've made a better effort to be healthy and want to continue.

Anyway what this post was actually about...he gets really upset if we don't talk for too long or if I just want a night sleeping alone or some time during the day alone not on a call w/ him. Like he spams me and panics and it's just at this point I don't know that I expected this. I can try communicating differently but I don't think it'll change much as I think the root of things that have ticked me off and made me want space in these situations, well, No I did just need time to think about it but other times I feel taken for granted(he takes it for granted that I will always be around or always spend time which I've said early on I didn't think built a very strong relationship.) I serve a certain type of role in his life and am fairly generous of my time and energy with him. The fact he always wants more and always implies that me talking to him more will somehow magically make things better is only discouraging and draining. I feel like it's never enough. Being an adult this is extremely tiring and I would've thought by now that with his past relationships he'd realize this behaviour can really rub people the wrong way and actually send people in the opposite direction.

One thing that probably bothers me that has happened a couple of times is that he doesn't seem to be able to be happy over plans I'm considering making for myself (that don't include him) and complains about how my school has cut into time with him or because of our timezones when I've literally put most mornings into hanging out with him - even when that time was only two more weeks until it was over and he knows I'm stressed. Is that normal or is that just a severe lack of understanding and actual caring for anything to do with me and my interests??

Tldr; my boyfriend could be more proactive about his health, having his own life separate from mine, and communicating honestly with me. He frequently wants me to spend most if not all of my time with him. He gets a bit pouty if I don't and this includes things like being on call constantly because it's a LDR. [SEP]
My best friend has shared his digital library of video games with me for as long as we've known eachother. We're pretty well established in eachothers' families and the way he shows his love is in gifts. We're both pretty equal as far as sharing goes, but he likes to spoil himself with games and I has also benefitted from that. I'll admit he's not the sharpest tool in the shed but his heart has always been in the right place and I love him for that. He's never been lucky with having a girlfriend until REALLY recently and now I feel cut off. /:

She doesn't vocally express any kind of interest in games besides the cute/trendy ones in pastel aesthetic gamer tiktok videos.

Part of me feels like I don't get to complain because in reality it's his account but I also feel like he's trying to forcefeed all of his interests in the month they have been together and I'm just losing out more than he thinks she's gaining from it.

TL;DR My bestfriend is making me lose out on a $3000 Nintendo Switch library all so his new gf can essentially play animal crossing and I feel like bitching about it [SEP]
I lost my virginity to a guy who I wanted a serious long term relationship with but he ended up dumping me after only having sex a couple times. It completely ruined my life and I hate everything now. I just don't understand why he had sex with me when he wasn't sure what he wanted. I don't understand why he even bothered being nice to me and making me fall for him. I got so attached and no one impresses me anymore.

I can't even enjoy sex or relationships now because I don't feel anything anymore. I feel so bad about losing my virginity to someone who dumped me that now when I have sex I just feel so awkward and dumb. I actually don't even feel any enjoyment during sex, I don't even feel like I'm having sex again.

Tldr: I don't understand why my ex had sex with me when he was just going to leave [SEP]
I want to start this off by saying I’m very very grateful for my family and that a lot of this behaviour is stemming from simply being protective over me.

I’m 21F and have been in a relationship with my 22M boyfriend after around 5 years of being properly single (apart from casual dates here and there).

We’ve been dating for almost 2 months and the relationship is going well, but I’m struggling to grapple with some nosiness from my younger brother who is 2 years younger than me.

Our approaches to dating are very different and he said he honestly thought I was gay/asexual due to me not dating someone in ages. Which I quickly corrected him on by saying you really shouldn’t be making such personal judgments about people.

He tends to get into very serious relationships very quickly and has had two serious girlfriends. He tends to fall in hard and fast and usually embeds himself very quickly into to lives of his significant others. He really follows by traditional dating and is quite a sensitive person (not in a bad way).

Since me telling him about my relationship with my boyfriend, he’s commented about where he thinks we should be in our relationship and what we should be doing. He’s explained this is coming from him being both protective and having had ‘experience’ in relationships.

For example he’s made a number of comments asking why my boyfriends stays at our place, and not us at his place as of yet. Our house is empty at the moment due to my family being away so it’s easier, and I’ve explained this to my brother. And before I met his parents, it was why haven’t you met his parents yet you should ect. And the latest comment he’s made is around whether or not we’ve said I love you, because based on a playful conversation he heard we are not ‘a very loving relationship’. We’ve literally been together for two months, I’m not going to drop the L bomb that early on.

I understand some of this may be protective and that’s what my parents have said, but we’ve been together for two months and the comments are honestly starting to tire me and is now making me not want to tell my brother when I’m with him because another comment will obviously ensue.

I’ve already had a conversation about this kind of stuff with him and he said he was just looking out for me. But how should I approach this considering the comments are still happening?

Mind you he’s saying some stuff half jokingly but as a private person I’m hating having my relationship under the microscope like this.

Any advice?

And I know above all this may be coming from a good place, but that doesn’t really make it okay if it’s making me uncomfortable. I’m thinking the best route may be to shut down a comment each time it comes up, having a conversation seemingly didn’t work last time.

TL;DR: my [F21] younger brother [M20] who has been in serious relationships before me has began making comments regarding my new relationship with my bf [M22] of two months about where he thinks we should be. I’m needing advice on how to combat this because it’s irritating me as a private person. [SEP]
I’m f19 and was wondering why the guy m26 ive been talking to for over a month on snap start suddenly leaving me on delivered for hours and only sending streaks? Before, he used to send random snaps and it was more personal and now he’s not. what’s the reason for him avoiding me like this? I’m assuming this means that he’s not interested anymore but if this was the case why continue to snap with me as all?? He still responds to some of my stories but with only a few words. I’ve been mirroring his actions and leaving him on delivered and opened, and usually when I do this he begins to snap me a lot

Tl;dr is the guy I’m talking loosing feelings? [SEP]
My grandfather's birthday is coming up soon, he's turning 80, my dad wants both me and my sister (22) to go to his birthday party. We both agree on not wanting to go, but my dad is talking as if we dont have a choice in going. He actually gets mad and starts yelling about how wrong it is, that we still see my other grandma and avoid his parents like the plague.

I dont want to act as if everything is okay, and lying out the ass to please him about his parents. (I'm a gay atheist and was asked to not mention or anything of the sort to show respect????) Basically I sit there take insults and underhanded statements, and I'm supposed to be nice and not punch someone. Both me and my sister have bad childhood memories of them, and really dont want to deal with any drama.

I got a invite to his birthday (which is at a community center that has a pool )and it says "swimming is not an excuse to not be there the whole time." I mentioned that my sister's friend is also having a birthday party for her kid on the same day, and I got yelled at. How do i tell my dad i want nothing to do with them Without ruining my relationship with him? I love him dearly this is just one thing that he gets triggered at.

Tldr: dads side of the family are rude and belittling and I dont want to be a part of it, dad insists. [SEP]
I [F29] have two close friends E [F28] and C [F25]. E and C are also good friends, but neither is as close to each other as I am individually to each of them. Over the years (especially right before and during COVID the past year), C and her boyfriend have become very close with a larger friend group of mine and my husband’s - close enough that we consistently hang out once a week, plan vacations together, that sort of thing. While E is a best friend of mine, she is just different than this larger friend group (interests, lifestyle, etc). She has hung out with the larger friend group and us many times, but have never and frankly probably will never be “besties” with this group like C and her boyfriend has. In my mind it’s just simply that they are just different types of people.

I can tell E is jealous and hurt by C’s inclusion in this larger friend group while she is not a part of it. Because I could tell of the jealously, I did not mention to E that this group of friends made two small, COVID-safe trips last year. At this point it has started to feel like a secret and lie I am trying to hide to stop from hurting E’s feelings. I feel terrible that I did not have the guts to tell her sooner, but the need to lie did come from a place of knowing it would hurt her because she feels jealous or not included.

I feel like I need to tell E that we went on these trips (E has asked to go on a trip we are planning this summer, and the other friend group has okay’d it). I know telling her this will deeply hurt her feelings. Part of me also feels confused about E’s strong feelings, as if E just does not understand that some types of people are different and that C is just simply more similar to this larger group of friends in lifestyle and interests. I think E has always struggled to feel included and knowing two of her close friends (myself and C) are in a friend group without her is hard.

Is there anyway to come clean about this to E (our previous trips with C and auxiliary friends) but also let her know it is nothing personal and just that C happens to get along with them differently than she might? I feel like a asshole for even saying all this this way, but I can’t help imagine that if it were me I might “handle” my friends having outside friends from me better than she is able.

tl;dr - How do I discuss with my friend that just because she is not a part of this larger friend group does not mean that she is less than? [SEP]
The girl he was dating was also our best friend, they lived together for 3 years . But she broke up with him days ago. It was bad , she left with no excuse, and he’s now just broken.

At first he was mad and very sad and wasn’t ready to talk about it, but he opened up to me we talked and after that he said he wants me there for support, I am taking care of him , and doing stuff around the house, started to pack her stuff and all. I just felt I need to be there for him.

Yesterday morning he texted me to come over since he felt so bad. I comforted him and he was somehow able to fall back asleep.

He asked me to stay and not to leave and he’s asking me to sleep next to him. I did , we didn’t do anything but he hugged and was playing with my hair. It’s something we did before the break up , it may seems weird , but we are so close that I would sleep over at their place next to him and he did that. We talked about it he had no feelings for me and I had none so it was ok.

( I have another guy I’m interested in and he knows that)

The thing is I am afraid if he or even I may get attached if we did this, or if he’s doing that to try filling up her gap. I just don’t want him to get more confused or suffer more by doing this .

I’m writing this after waking up in the middle of the night, I told him I’ll sleep in the other room and if he needed me I’ll come.

Tl;dr : am I doing right by staying around when he says he needs me , and sleeping next to him. Or should I support him without spending the night. I’m confused , what should I do ? He said that’s how I can help , by staying around and not leaving him alone. [SEP]
Hello! I would like some advice on how to get over your significant others past relationships with other people. My boyfriend and I have been talking for about a month and a half. (Early-mid March) and everything has been going fine. We FaceTime every night, talk all day, and spend hours together on our dates. We have slept together twice, before he officially asked me out.

I’ve never been in a real relationship before, only hooked up with a few people.

He broke up with his abusive ex of a year (in January).

We were on FaceTime the other night and he made a comment about tinder hookups, I didn’t understand what he meant by it, so I pressured him to tell me. As he said it didn’t matter and I wouldn’t want to know.

He finally said that he had slept with 10 girls all in March before he met me. He said he didn’t like to think about it, and that he feels super bad.

I genuinely don’t know how to feel about this, I know I had no claim over him since he literally didn’t know I existed. I don’t even know if the feeling I have is jealousy, as the thought of him sleeping with TEN girls all separately in less than two weeks makes me feel sick to the stomach. I also feel sad that he felt like he had to get validation from random girls like that, because he was so emotionally unattached from his ex for a long time before they broke up.

I would hope however that if I had slept with ten people in the weeks before sleeping with someone new, I’d get checked for STI’s, and warn them of my sexual past.

My friend said that he’s probably exaggerating and that men like to sound more “experienced” than they actually are. Also, that people who were controlled in their previous relationship tend to go crazy when they finally have freedom, and that this is normal. (10 tho??)

If anyone has any advice on how to get over their lovers sexual past, I’d love to hear it. Or even any advice on how I should deal with this situation.

TL:DR My boyfriend told me he slept with 10 girls in the month before he met me. Why do I feel so horrible about it. [SEP]
TL;DR My BF called me his "partner", but only in business settings. I'm not ready for this level of commitment. Am I putting too much into the word? Should I say something?

My boyfriend and I have been together three and a half years and been iving together about four months. We've definitely indicated we see this as a long-term relationship, and I've agreed to put aside career opportunities outside of our city, where his thriving practice ties him.

Twice recently he has introduced me to colleagues at his "partner". We haven't discussed this and this feels a little fast for me. I'm not ready to take on that level of commitment.

Part of me says I should say something. But then part of me says I should let it slide. He only does it in professional settings, and I understand it's a little weird at our age to say "boyfriend" or "girlfriend" in a professional setting, where you really wouldn't introduce someone to colleagues unless they were really part of your life.

Part of me says just look the other way because it's rare and only done in professional settings. Part of me says since it's bugged me both times he needs to know I'm not ready for that. But maybe I'm loading too much on this word and should let the rare use slide.

Am I putting too much stock in the word? Should I say something or just ignore it given he only seems to use it professionally. [SEP]
TL;DR: My boyfriend (24) broke up with me (21) after two years and I don't know what to do next.

The last time I made a Reddit post, it cost me my relationship by making our issues glaringly obvious. In a couple of now deleted posts, me and my ex-boyfriend both gave our side of a problem...that wasn't even that serious now that I think about it. In the post, we explained that he was 'withholding' sex from me until I had a series of extensive dental work.

In the time after the post, he explained to me exactly why he was 'withholding' sex. It immediately put into perspective a couple of things.

I'd pretty much ruined all senses of his pride and trust.

I could look past and understand why he no longer wanted a physical relationship with me.

Of course, the stipulation was still that my dental issues would have to be completely finished before we continued to have sex again...but I didn't like that my teeth had to be the deadline in a situation that was completely separate. I told him this in the aftermath of our heart-to-heart about it. Seemingly, he took it the wrong way and thought that I was telling him that it was stupid and irrelevant. Ultimately, I pin this down to my inability to express my thoughts in a way that others understand.

Breaking his pride and trust happened a week earlier, and is crucial to understanding exactly why I'm at a loss for what to do next: In the week prior, we broke up. But selfishly, and without a single ounce of grace, I basically demanded that we get back together because we loved each other and I...couldn't handle the thought of life without him. We did a lot of negotiating to get back to a seemingly good place--at first getting back together only in name, but without any physical contact. I agreed at first, but was still unhappy; crying, pitying myself at the thought of what I saw as a loveless relationship.

After this, we signed a 'contract' stating that I would get my teeth fixed and he'd touch and kiss me again. And moments after, we signed another that stated that he would never break up with me without talking to me and then seeking therapy until we could resolve.

In the second breakup, I brought this up. He stated that it was all toxic bullshit and we should have never resorted to all these stipulations. I disagreed, but couldn't express it in words. I didn't see it that way, and still don't. I...think that they're promises we made to each other.

I see where I went wrong, I even had myself admitted into the hospital in a moment of anguish. I wanted answers above all else because I...didn't want to do anything crazy or hurt him more than I have already.

It's only been two weeks, but I still want to call him and convince him that we're meant to be together. I want some sort of closure or knowledge that he's hurting as badly as I am. Or I want a chance to make amends and start over from the beginning, clear transparency so we could get back to the place we were at.

In the hours after our breakup, I sent a series of messages to him. But he blocked me.

He's kind of stubborn, and doesn't want to hear anything more about a relationship with me. Despite our falling out only occurring in just under a week, he's cut me off entirely. And while it could be chalked down to not loving me anymore, in our final week we talked extensively about our future together. We were talking about getting engaged--about buying a house to raise our future children in. We were absolutely perfect together in every aspect...other than the teeth and losing his trust in me over it.

I am super thankful for him giving me a second chance, even if it wasn't carried out properly. But...I don't know how to come back from this. I don't know how to reach him or appeal to him in a way that will make him want to give me a third chance to maybe do it right. To just talk and explain our misunderstandings. How he told a friend of mine that he thought I no longer took him seriously, but I had no clue about this or I would have resolved it.

I have a sickening faith and a deep love for him that I can't imagine going away for a very long time. I planned a future with him, but my previously undiagnosed depression and bipolar made it super hard for me to get anything done and it ultimately played into why we broke up. Of course, I'm not excusing my behavior and passing it off on my mental illnesses. But I'm starting my journey to fix it and...I want a chance to fix my relationship too.

I have a reasons for posting this. I want to try to reach him, knowing that he sometimes frequents this sub Reddit. I want a reality check. I want a game plan. I...have no clue what to do next. [SEP]

i (18F) don’t think i wanna be with my boyfriend (17M) anymore. we’ve been together for nearly a year now, things were going great in the beginning but now i feel like i’m the only one putting in effort and all feelings are one sided.

we’ve been arguing a lot, maybe every single day. none of my friends like him either, they all think he’s controlling and toxic. i’m not allowed to have any male friends nor am i allowed to mention any other guys while having a conversation with him. he doesn’t trust me at all even though i’ve been nothing but honest our whole relationship; he hasn’t.

he hid the fact that he was still talking to his ex (18F) when we first started dating. i eventually found out since a notification from her popped up while i was looking something up on his phone. once i confronted him, he claimed she was struggling with her mental health and only felt comfortable with him. soon found out she was lying since she sent him a whole essay about how much she wants him back and how she did everything she possibly could to “win” him back, even if it meant lying about her mental health.

sometimes he’ll pick on stuff i can’t control and claim it was a joke and cover it up by saying, “oh i made fun of you cause i find it adorable” after figuring out i was upset over it. i’ve pointed it out to him many times and he’ll ignore it or claim i’m dragging it.

i recently found out he’s been monitoring my likes on social media as well. he’ll check them everyday and question me about certain things. ask why i liked X and Y’s pictures and argue with me about certain tweets i’ve liked. sometimes he’ll even look at my likes and tweet “women aren’t sh*t” or something along the lines of it, lol.

he rarely texts me as well. maybe 4-5 times a day and ignore me for hours while he’s active on social media. but expects me to reply almost immediately and act like nothing ever happened. even if i’m slightly upset, he’ll get mad at me and ignore me for hours.

td;lr - boyfriend (17M) does the bare minimum and gets mad at me for reciprocating the same energy. doesn’t trust me at all for no reason, but has lied to me in the beginning of our relationship about talking to his ex even though she lied about her mental health deteriorating to win him back. boyfriend also monitors my social media use - not allowed to have any male friends either [SEP]
My bf (27m) and I (22f) have been together for a little over a year and just recently moved into an apartment together. Everything was going smoothly but lately it’s like almost everything he does just makes me upset. Instead of staying quiet like I have in the past (which he told me not to do), I speak up when I have an issue but now all of a sudden he considers it to be nagging. For example, my birthday was in February and I have been talking about my birthday since last year because I am very big on birthdays. For his birthday in December, I went all out so I expected the same. We did absolutely nothing for my birthday so of course I was and still am a little upset about that. He claims that he is going to make it up to me but it is now April. I guess he feels guilty because every time i bring it up he gets upset and tells me to give him time which is what i’ve been doing for the past two months. It’s like I can never express how I feel without him getting mad and not taking my feelings seriously. He says that it is always something with me but he doesn’t seem to realize that he pretty much causes me to feel a way about certain things. I don’t know if I’m too emotional or if he is just insensitive. He says that him not doing anything for 1 birthday isn’t that serious. I guess I just want to know if i’m overreacting or not, because if I am then i’ll just drop it.

EDIT: He told me that he would celebrate it btw, I was asked to clear my schedule and everything for that day but nothing came to fruition. Forgot to include that in initial post.

TLDR; Boyfriend thinks that I am nagging when I bring up anything that upsets me even though he told me to be more vocal about my feelings. [SEP]
So I moved in with three roomates I do not know on Friday. I know it has been five days but it is my first time with roomates and I have noticed they're super close, so of course I want to be a part of that.

I have talked to them every day and I have noticed they cook together and have dinner together every weekday. Yesterday they had dinner at 7 but I planned it for later, I was able to join but only for a bit and thought they would include me more... Sooo today I planned everything so I could eat at 7pm with them but they didn't have dinner and now they're all having dinner together and it's 9pm. They cooked together as well. I already had dinner so I'm here in my room feeling sad.

It seems like they do so many things together and have so much chemistry and I feel like they respect my privacy or my routine which I appreciate, but I would like to have dinner with them and get to be a part of that dynamic.

Would telling them like "oh at what time do yall have dinner? I'd like to join" be too much? Am I making a mistake by having my door closed all the time? It's like they have their own dynamic but I don't know how to merge it with me, of if they Want to.

Tl;dr: I moved 5 days ago and my roomates are super kind but since this is my first time with roomates I wanna know tips on how to approach or be a part of this dynamic [SEP]
Her and I met almost two years ago at school. We hang out so much and we can barely go a week without seeing eachother. It really sucks because her mom thinks I like her and I don’t know is she likes me back. We do everything together and even are going on vacations together this summer. I don’t want to ruin our friendship because of this stupid crush that won’t go away. Her family really really likes me, she trusts me a lot, and I don’t want that to go away.

TL;DR - I don’t want to lose my best friend even if she likes me back [SEP]
I've been dumped in the past for what feels like being shy and not talking enough so I learned to talk a lot but now the current guy I'm seeing barely talks. We hardly ever text, never talk on the phone, and even when we're together I sometimes feel like not much happens in the conversation. The thing is that I want to talk a lot and I can't stand that I'm the only one talking. I don't understand why we barely talk

Tldr: this doesn't feel like a real relationship to me because we don't even talk everyday [SEP]
I am 18F. My guy best friend, we’ll call him Ralph (18M), recently broke up with one of my friends, we’ll call her Betty(18F), after about 4 months of dating. We’re all graduating this year, and Ralph and Betty are going to separate colleges, and Ralph didn’t want the breakup to be fresh when they were trying to settle down in college (I think he probably should’ve waited until we were fully done with high school, but what’s done is done.)

Betty is really upset about it and can’t understand why he would do this, because they both still have feelings. She was texting with me a few days after it happened (yesterday), and was telling me how she knew they must be soulmates. She basically told me that she was going to marry him after they graduated college, even though Ralph clearly did not want a long-distance relationship.

I told her that I understood she still had feelings for him, but it might be best if she try to move on for now, since we’re leaving for college soon and she doesn’t want to miss an opportunity with someone because she’s still thinking about marrying a boy she dated for four months in high school. I even told her that if she wanted to try reconnecting with him after college graduation, then I would even try to set that up, but for now she probably needed to focus on herself.

Betty wasn’t having that. She wanted me to try and convince Ralph to get back together with her- talk to him about how cute a couple they were, remind him of how nice they were to each other, basically manipulate him into it.

Obviously, I don’t want to do this. Ralph and I have been close since we were 3. I call his parents “Mom” and “Dad” and he does the same to mine. I’ve been invited to his family parties. Me and his twin sister are best friends. I don’t want to risk what is essentially a part of my family by manipulating Ralph because Betty wants me to.

But here’s the other problem- Betty and I are going to the same college, for the same very small major. I don’t want to flat out tell her that doing it is manipulative and wrong because I’m afraid that would ruin our relationship and make things very uncomfortable. This isn’t how she normally is- she’s a very caring, gentle person, and I think she’s just really hurt right now and probably not thinking straight.

TL;DR: Betty is upset because of Ralph breaking up with her, and wants me to convince him to get back with her. How do I tell Betty I don’t want to manipulate Ralph to get back together with her without hurting our relationship? [SEP]
I am quite embarrassed that I'm even making this post but I (20F) have been with my SO (20M) for 2+ years. It's been a bit rocky the last few months as I feel we are very different & headed on different paths.

Anyways, today I went over to his place for a bit. He's a heavy smoker so today was a "holiday" for him, and his friends were busy at that hour so we hung out. I smoke rarely. He made a remark about me being like a "cheap stoner girlfriend" because I had the aesthetic of a stoner girlfriend but he doesn't have to pay for my weed, and for some reason this rubbed me the wrong way.

When I was leaving he looked a bit down and I asked what was up. He said he just had a "lame ass 4/20". This made my blood boil a bit because I felt like, what the fuck...sorry it was so ~lame~ to spend it with me. It offended me a bit and I was like well since it was so "lame" I'm leaving not wasting my time etc. and walked out.

The entire thing just felt so childish and immature. He claims he didn't mean it like that but like what else would it have meant?? Anyway. I am quite frustrated over this but am not totally sure how to feel.

TL;DR - I feel like my SO was being selfish and immature but I hope I am not overreacting. [SEP]
Hi I'm in a tough situations and looking for some feedback from both sides. My -not fiancee- M35 and I F31 currently have been together for 8 years. Started out on our late 20s. We have 2 children together, and he also has sole custody of 2 from a previous relationship. Mom isn't in the picture, and I think of them as my own.

Reader's digest version is. We got pregnant very quickly, before we knew each other well. Found out pretty early on he had/has some substance and alcohol abuse issues. He's on and off the wagon,struggling with stability,sobriety, adulthood. But we stick it through you know. About 9 months after 1st babe is born, we are pregnant again. Again he's on and off the wagon, but we are 2 kids deep, I'm committed to trying. So fast forward 3 more years of the same struggles, same old me sticking it out, TRYING to keep the family together.(there's a few separations, rehabs, OUI'S,general bs over this time)

We are now in our 30s. We buy a house. I stay home with kids, give up 401k, and all financial independence. Hes having a good sobriety stretch, providing for the family ect. I'm feeling confident. We have a crazy year of stress, house fires, baby mama goes MIA officially, but we keep swimming. He stays relatively sober. No more drugs other than weed, few minor slip ups drinking, even gets his licence back. We buy a new house, have new vehicles. Total level up in adilthood and life you know. Buys me my dream ring, I finally agree to marry him. We are in a good place. He's stable, I'm finally feeling at ease and confident in our relationship.Everything is right on point.

BAM find out our guys on Tinder. ON TINDER. (this is the second time he's made a profile) He's messaging girls making plans, but never goes through with them. Says it's just a game, gets lonely on night shift ect. I should note here, we are not a bad looking couple by any means and our physical relationship has always been FANTASTIC. No complaints. While we both have options, this should. not . be. happening. He is not some hard up man not getting it in at home. Just not the case. So clearly I'm horrified. Huge blow to my self esteem, any trust we have built, our friendship. Forget it. I take the rings off. Get out. I'm done. No more.. This guy spends like 5 days being extra helpful. Doing the most. Really ' showing he's changed' okay. IM almost buying it. But my heart hurts. Why am I not enough?

Day 5. Still don't have the rings on. Don't want them on. He doesn't like this. What will people think? Everyone will know. Total meltdown. Enter alcohol. Introducing kids seeing beligerent dad. He's got my keys. Can't leave. Banging on the car windows. Kids crying. This whole things a damn mess. Had to call the cops and get a ride with all 4 kids OUT. All night manipulation calls. NEXT day he sobers up some, come home. Nope not happening.

So he's out guys. We are back in. He's got a councelor,a sponsor, going to meetings. Coming to see kids for a few hours. He wants to re evaluate our situation in a month. Don't give up on him,don't give up on our family. I don't want to. Don't want to end our nearly decade long relationship. Our best friend status. Sure would be easier not to. Have no money to call my own. Stay at home remote teacher to our kids. Would be hard to squeeze a job in the soccer mom life we have built. I truly believe he loves me with all he's got. But he's a mess.

And what if that not enough? This is some pretty unforgivable stuff right? Has anybody made it out to the other side? What would you do? What's your experience with this? Anybody ever fixed anything this broke? Why would a sane person want to? Any feedback welcome. Seriously. This is what keeps me up at night.

TL;DR long term relationship with kids, end it or try to fix it. Again? [SEP]
My wife and I have been married for a little over a year now. We luckily squeezed in our wedding before Covid hit (unknowing that it would shut down the world). However, we've been living together for 2.5 years prior, and together for a total of 7.5 years.

Prior to the middle of last year, she never had a full-time job (student and part-time work). After graduating, she finally completed her licensee exams in her specific field that pays handsomely. But for the majority of our relationship, I was the financial provider for the both of us (and our dog).

For the 2.5 years that we lived together, I worked full-time, but had a flexible schedule (self-employed). My daily responsibilities included letting our dog out to potty, feeding the dog, and dropping the dog off to daycare. On the days I get the chance to come home early, I cook and prep dinner. Pick up our dog, walk her, feed her again, and all the hygiene things. (It sounds petty to list small things out, but at this point I'm thinking out-loud).

I never expect her to do anything around the house, besides pick-up after herself and the occasional laundry and dish washing. Occasionally, she makes me breakfast to take with me out the door (which I'm always grateful for).

Now with her working full-time, she leaves early and comes home almost exactly at dinner time. So that means either I'm cooking every dinner, or we'll have take-out. I've also been doing the laundry and dish washing, exclusively. This is all on top of my prior duties.



Now here's the problem:

I actually don't mind doing all these things. I'm very task-oriented, so knocking things off of a list is not a problem. However, she finds things to complain about, weekly, about "house projects" that only I can complete. I do my best to get to them on the weekend. Last week, I had to take a day off of work just to re-do our closet system (took all day).

Recently, I've been networking more (maybe once or twice a week for happy hour) to add investors to my portfolio and grow my business. So I haven't been making dinner as much. However, all the other duties are still being taken care of.

A few days ago, she said that I'm wildly unavailable. And something about that really pushed me over the ledge. I fell into a mental and emotional hole that I haven't felt in 10+ years. (I was diagnosed with manic depression then, but haven't really had major episodes since). Granted, I am going through a lot of mental stress from work, family issues (unrelated to our problems), and COVID. After hours of talking, we realized that we are just roommates now. We've had sex once in 6 months.

I told her that her expectations of me are a little too heavy for me to handle. But she says it's because I'm not putting in the effort and I'm not available. I truly believe that I am putting in the effort, though. I realized that I don't have the "intimate feelings" for her anymore because I'm afraid of "letting her down".

I suggested counseling, but she doesn't want to. I needed a third person's perspective.

I do understand that story is only coming from my perspective, so maybe I'm missing something? Feel free to ask any questions that there may be confusion about.

Thank you so much for reading! I appreciate any feedback.

TL;DR: I've fallen out of love with my wife because she makes me feel like I'm not enough, (or not doing enough) to make her happy. However, I believe I'm doing as much as I can. [SEP]

In my early twenties, I became terribly sick of being alone and hung out with just about anyone, even if I knew there wasn't something right about them, and it has led me to some really dark places. When I was in trouble, I realized no one was actually supportive of me, they were more than happy to see me fail. Really, how sickening. I really wondered if I thought too badly of people or if my standards were too high, but I realized my 'high standards' would have led me to hang out with the right people. I'm not perfect and had my toxic times as well but I don't certainly don't go out of my way in being jealous of people and gossip. Envy is the biggest sin, but the most difficult to identify.

If you've been through something similar, I'd really like to hear your story and any tips you have.

TLDR: recently realized I have no friends, how to surround myself with better people? [SEP]
I (22F) am having a very difficult time mustering up the courage to break up with my boyfriend (25). We have been together for two years and live together. I love him and hurting him is the last thing I want to do but long story short, in my heart I know we are both not happy and breaking up is the right thing to do.

My dilemma is that I seriously don’t know how to breakup. I suffer from anxiety and have never really been in this situation before. I have been feeling this way for months and I just don’t know how to bring the conversation up.

Any pointers would be so helpful [SEP]
I'm just... I dunno. We fight every week now because he snaps on me over small things. I posted in here a few days ago because he got mad at me for bumping into a pot on the stove (stove wasn't on) when he tried to put a cat treat in my face lol.

So, yeah, I just tried to initiate a conversation and asked if he still wanted to marry me, still wanted to be with me, still loved me, etc. It went south pretty quick and I'm pretty sure he just fell asleep.

So I think I'm gonna call for some space or a break. Not sure how to go about that, not sure if it'll make things worse? I just don't know what to do. I don't want to lose him but this is just getting worse and worse no matter what I try to do.

TLDR; what's the difference between needing space in a relationship vs taking a break and how do I go about it? [SEP]
I (21 F) am dating (24 M) for the past 9 months. In the beginning everything was going great, he was out going, only texted a few times a day (that is perfect for me because I am working two jobs and have online classes and a social life), and let me have my independence.

However, after the 6 month mark he started getting more needy. Asking to hangout with me when I was with a group of friends, asking to text about 10+ texts a day (and starting HUGE arguments about it every month about how if he was really a priority in my life I would text him more), crying if I raised my voice, which basically halted any discussion we were having, and asking me to always forgive his negative behavior saying "if you loved me you would let it go." There was still love and enjoyment intermingled in there so I decided to continue the relationship, but then our biggest fight happened.

We had argued twice that day before going to the bar with my friends but once we arrived he turned into the nicest boyfriend and was very amiable with everyone. Past 1 am when we returned to his place I was drunk, tired, and still upset about the way he treated me earlier. He wanted sex and I implied I was too tired and drunk (he was not drunk because he was the DD), so he told me to take my shirt off (no bra underneath) and proceeded to make out with me while I was falling asleep. Obviously I was not digging this and after a argument left to the living room. He angrily closed the door between us, and my drunk self with my infinite wisdom decided to hide in a closet. Eventually we went back to his bedroom (argument presumed) and apparently my arm twitched so he accused me of trying to hit him (I had both my hands under a blanket and clutching my leg). So all 5ft and 100 lbs of me stared as all 5'10 and160 lbs of him got up and stood over me to tell me at 2 am (with my car not there) "he didn't want me here." I started bawling and he then apologized.

The next morning he took me home, and I told him I wanted a week break to figure things out and for him to take some time too. Fast forward a week, he hasn't texted me in a few days and we agree to meet at a park. I fully think we are going to break up and prepare for it. But, he comes out looking glassy eyed, apologizes for everything, and agrees to work on himself so I do not end things.

So I am asking advice, (I do not really have people I can tell the full story too because we both come from a religious background and sex is usually unspoken about). Did I overreact? Should I have forgiven him? At what point do you admit your partner has crossed a line? What should I do to make this work (I'll admit it takes two to tango and my Italian family has made quick to yelling but NEVER physical violence or intimidation). I also like hearing about personal experiences as well!

TL;DR My boyfriend and I had our worst argument to date, and I worried I forgave him too quickly or overreacted. [SEP]
So, my boyfriend already has a kid. It’s an infant and the baby isn’t mine. Baby mom and boyfriend were never a couple and I regularly spend time with boyfriend and kid. That’s a really positive part of our relationship. My friends are all starting to have kids and I honestly LOVE being around kids, but it just isn’t the time yet. My boyfriend had mentioned how good I am with kids and how I’d be a good mom and even jokes sometimes about me stopping birth control so we can have kids. I’m always really adamant that I want to buy a house before I have kids, so I’m currently saving for a down payment.

Boyfriend and I are currently looking for apartments to live together for the first time and keep complaining to each other how much nicer it would be to live in a house and not an apartment and today I finally just said, “well if you wanted, you could help me save for the down payment and that would be less time that we’d have to live in a shitty apartment.” He TOTALLY froze and said that it was a lot to think about and that he had never considered buying a house. I backed off and told him no pressure, but am just so confused?? How can he casually/jokingly mention having kids, but totally shut down when I suggest buying a house? I feel so confused like I freaked him out!

TL;DR Boyfriend casually talks about kids with me and asks me if I want kids, but froze and shut down when I suggested we save for a down payment on a house today. [SEP]
First off this has nothing to do with numbers or anything. I’ve had my fair share of hookups in the past and so has she. I know a guy she hooked up with, actually I think he was her first. I used to guard him in basketball when our teams played each other, total dick, I even got in a fight with him once in a game. She told me he cheated on his gf with her and she didn’t know so it was understandable. What bugs me is she hooked up with him again even though she knew he had used her to cheat and it turns out second time he was once again using her to cheat on his new gf. This bugs me because to me it shows that she had no problem hooking up with a guy she knew had used her to make her a part of his cheating. Me personally if I knew I hooked up with a girl and it turns out she was cheating on her bf, I would never talk to her again because that shows she has some serious character flaws and I wouldn’t even want to associate casually with her. Before me and my gf were exclusive I had chances to get with 2 girls I knew who were somewhat in relationships, but I backed off because that’s a shitty thing to do and I can go find girls who aren’t involved with anyone. Like I said before I couldn’t give a damn how many dudes she’s dated or hooked up with, but the ethics of hooking up with a guy again after he already used her to cheat once, it doesn’t sit right with me. She’s a great girl, but I kind of want to talk to her about it. She was 18 at the time so I want to chalk it up to immaturity and insecurity because I want to keep dating her, but I’d like to understand her thought process at the time because she previously said she resented being used to cheat and her actions didn’t really say that. If I’m being ridiculous I’m willing to accept that and leave the past in the past. It just makes me worry we don’t have compatible views of sex and I’m pretty sex positive on everything save things related to cheating.

TL:DR GF hooked up with guy I know in the past, turned out he had a gf and she hooked up with him again when he had a new gf in spite of knowing that he previously used her to cheat, not sitting with me right. Might be overreacting [SEP]
e actually wasn’t my hygienist but an assistant. He took my X-Rays and stuff.

We’re both the same age (21) (Ik he’s young to work there) but it felt like we immediately hit it off and we’re both kind of nervous around each other?? Like he kept dropping stuff it was so cute. It was my first time going to this place.

Also I’m embarassed though cause he heard that my dental health isn’t as good as I thought it was (I blame covid ): My teeth are “perfect” but apparently my gums have an infection and i’m embarrassed lol, I swear i brush my teeth! But he probably thinks I don’t 😭 I wish he didn’t hear that part lol.

Idk we just seemed kind of flirty with each other and I want to see him again! I haven’t felt a connection like that in ages. I’m going back to deal with the weird infection i’m embarassed about in a week, if I see him should I do something? If so how?

Thanks!

tldr; I feel like my dental hygienist’s assistant and I were flirty with each other and I think he’s really cute, (but i’m embarassed he heard my gums aren’t healthy), should I ask him out when i go back to fix my gum issue? [SEP]
So I (F,28) have been with my bf (M, 28) for 2 years, we have been friends for longer. I love him very much. I found solace in him after breaking up with an abusive ex. Since then he’s proven his love and care for me over and over. He’s perfect in every way.

We both currently live at each of our parents house. We spent most of the pandemic apart like many people probably. We are both from cultural backgrounds where our parents would disapprove of our relationship (crazy I know). So we have kept it quiet and things have been amazing so far.

We decided to get an apartment together and tell our parents after the fact, so it gives us a place to escape from all their chastisement for our choices. My parents will be averse to me moving out, so it’ll just be him living there until I’m able to move using going to uni close by as a reason (even though it’s same city). When I ask my bf of our plan to let them know he says we will figure it out and not to ruin the present preoccupying my thoughts with that. We went to see our apartment today and I felt mixed emotions, afterwards I felt sort of sad knowing how although this gives us space it isn’t really my home until I’m transparent about my life. I’m feeling super isolated. I feel I should be happy that we’ve got space and some plans to spend more time together but deep down I feel sad that he’s not understanding I can’t be happy until there’s some transparency and I can live freely.

I do believe my parents will isolate me after I let them know but the idea of our plan being so vague and just being reduced to ‘figuring it out’ or ‘whenever your ready’ just leaves me unfulfilled. I just don’t feel at peace anywhere. I know it’ll be difficult for him cause his parents will give him a hard time as well.

TL;DR I’m feeling unsatisfied in my current situation and I don’t know how to fix it. I’m unsure if I should just ‘figure it out’ and enjoy the moment or I should ask him to plan what we are to do properly with taking steps to let both are parents know so we can live transparently and not lead double lives. Keeping in mind this will bring forth different challenges.

Thank you for reading Please be kind :( Your thoughts are welcome x [SEP]
I'm reaching out to reddit because I'm alone and don't have anyone to talk about this with.

Whenever something goes wrong and I had just a little bit to do with it, he'll say it's my fault. Example: one time I asked him to take a look at the doorknob because it looks crooked. He then proceeds to try and fix it but couldn't, but damaged it in the process because he got frustrated. Then he said I made him break the doorknob and said because this is my fault, I need to fix it myself. Another example: if I'm explaining something and he doesn't understand, he'll get frustrated and say I don't make any sense, instead of trying to understand what I'm saying.

Sometimes I get a little frustrated from these interactions and would start crying. Then he'll tell me to stop.

We've had talks about this before. I try to say that I feel sad when he gets mad at me. He says he can't help it if that's how he feels. The solution is for me to stop being so sensitive.

I've been trying to not let these things bother me but it's hard. Every time he gets mad I would hide and cry until I feel better. I don't feel like I can talk to him about it because he'll just tell me to stop. It happened again last night and I cried until this afternoon (hidden from his view). Please help, I don't know what to do.

Tl;dr: my husband thinks everything is my fault. When I'm sad he tells me to stop. How can I stop feeling sad? [SEP]
tldr: very serious relationship on stop for the time being, but just might not be forever...

hello fellow humans of reddit!! well there is no easy or right way to start this off so i guess ill try to give the most unbiased story about the situation i am in. i apologize in advance for jumpiness or holes in the story so feel free to ask for clarifications because this happened fairly recently. to start, been with a girl for about 3 years. been friends since 11 and started dating at 16. i know this sounds cringe and cliche, but we were much closer than most couples are at our age. although we always had feelings for each other, we fell hard for eachother junior year. a lot of this background information is insignificant so ill try to keep it short. we did absolutely everything together and she always told me how “im the love of her life and how she sees a future of marriage and family down the road” etc. etc. although this is fairly childish to be thinking about at a young age, we both very deeply believed in it. we did absolutely everything together.

i have had a very rough childhood and the majority of my peers and friends know this. she was there and helped me out of many holes i found myself in due to my dad being diagnosed with a fatal disease, my mother cheating, my parents getting divorced, and many family members dying. at the time we started dating i may or may not have been part of some illegal activities and ultimately cleaned my act up and got out of that life mainly for her. if it wasn’t for her, i could very well be in prison like a close friend of mine. not to mention near death experiences such as getting a gun stuffed in my face and robbed or horrible car accidents. i have had close friends die due to drug overdoses, car accidents, and even murder. she is the reason i stopped breaking the law and the reason i got clean and began succeeding in academics such as presidents list and getting accepted into a great university. her family treated me like a son and i actually worked for her brothers company for a long time. during this time her brother and i grew close. my family adored her as much as they adored me. my mother expressed to me many times how this girl seemed like the one for me in the long run even though we are very young, and she expressed how she has seen no other girl look at me the way this one does. she said we were meant to be together. my mother isnt one to sugar coat jack shit either she always tells me things how she sees them.

during our honeymoon phase our friendships with others suffered but we ultimately fixed this after we realized what was going on. she had to cut off some friends due to them either flirting with me or causing issues. we trust each other on a very real level and even share locations and would always post each other on social media like all couples do. at about the two year mark, we were at a wedding and got into multiple fights over stupid things. i was extremely intoxicated like everyone else there and it led me to making the worst decision or my life by dumping her at her brother’s wedding. there was no screaming match or anything dramatic, but by the next morning everyone had a gist that we were on a rough patch. i made this known to her how much i regretted it and how i didnt mean it etc. etc. and her family understood that this rough patch clearly wasn’t intended for the wedding and knew i had some personal problems going on so they never held a grudge against me for it. however, her oldest brother (not the one i used to work for) never looked at me the same way again and i don’t blame him for it. i broke his little sisters heart the night of his little brother’s wedding.

even though we fixed things up quickly after, the damage had been done. i did not go over her house unless no one was home because she was uncomfortable about the whole thing until i finally spoke with her dad in person at a job site which for sure eased some stress. he honestly seemed happy to speak with me after such a long time. although i didn’t see her family nearly as much as i used to. she continued to come over my house all the time but wasn’t sleeping over like she used to due to us being casual. we used to sleep over each others houses all the time. we ultimately got back together but decided to keep things slow and steady but still continued to do everything we normally did. i apologize for the jumpiness but i also forgot to mention we graduated high school together and are attending the same college. during this entire time including the “temporary break up” we always showered each other in expensive gifts and always attended each other’s family events and bought gifts for each other’s families. out of all my friends and hers combined, we were seen as an ever lasting couple and no one ever thought we would break up. it was surprising enough we began dating in the first place due to me being a “wild guy” and her the “innocent school girl”.

we both agreed to go into college together with realistic expectations despite our past discussions of our entire future together and having a family of our own. recently after my 19th birthday i noticed her delving into sadness that i have never seen her succumb to before. after many attempts at trying to talk (which 9/10 times she always opens up to me) she finally admitted how she was depressed about the thought of me finding another girl in college even though we go to the same college, and that she is never happy unless i am with her. this was heartbreaking for me to hear and she admitted how she always thought her problems were so insignificant to the issues i have had to face in my own life. i stressed to her that anything she cares about, i do too.

after multiple long and heart throbbing conversations, we decided that it would be best for both of us to go into college single. i believe she needs to be more independent and become happy with herself instead of only being happy with me. this conversation wouldn’t have come as soon as it did if i hadn’t addressed it but it was pretty much a mutual agreement. we have since taken each other off most social media although i am still tagged in some instagram stories and we both posted each other on snapchat just a week ago. we still send photos to friends when we find ourselves meeting up. we still talk via multiple social media platforms and facetime, but we are officially single. unlike the usual “30 day no contact period” we went a few days without speaking to allow us to calm down and focus on what happens next. this hurts me just as much as it hurts her. we ended things with saying “if you love something set it free, if it comes back to you its yours, if it doesn’t, it never was”

the other day i dropped off a nice basket of flowers and gifts including a very heartfelt letter. we still meetup every now and then which usually leads to sex, but we still deeply care for one another regardless of that. although this happened fairly recently, we both say how the thought of each other with a different partner is gut wrenching and horrible to think about. neither of us are pursuing a new partner anytime soon, but we all can agree how college is... we also still share locations although im unsure of how long this will last. i am not trying to ramble more than i already have, but we both share the same ambitions, values, and hobbies. i am basically asking for advice, opinions, and brutal honesty about whether or not you personally believe we will get back together in the future. just last night we went to sleep on face time together. we still continue to help each other with school work (some of the same classes) as well. i understand we are young and nothing is set in stone, but we have never fought over anything major besides the wedding bullshit and are always stronger and better than ever after any conflict. [SEP]
